https://ncua.gov/
https://ncua.gov/about
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/careers/meet-our-people/amber
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/careers/meet-our-people/gwanda
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/careers/meet-our-people/jennifer
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/careers/meet-our-people/jerry
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/careers/meet-our-people/kelly
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/careers/meet-our-people/larry
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/careers/meet-our-people/pamela
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/careers/meet-our-people/tao
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/diversity-inclusion/credit-union-diversity/voluntary-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment/credit-union-supplier-diversity-faqs
https://ncua.gov/about-ncua/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper/publications-board-member-todd-m-harper/letter-senate-banking-housing-and-urban-affairs-committee-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2016/federal-credit-union-operating-fee-methodology
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2016/modernizing-data-collection-regulatory-oversight-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2016/ncuas-2017-2021-strategic-plan
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2016/overhead-transfer-rate-methodology
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2017/electronic-loan-deposit-and-investment-data-collection
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2017/overhead-transfer-rate-methodology
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2017/regulatory-reform-agenda
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2017/request-comment-regarding-national-credit-union-administration-draft-2018-2022-strategic-plan
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2018/call-report-modernization
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2019/allowances-credit-losses
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2019/credit-risk-review-systems
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2020/overhead-transfer-rate-methodology
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2020/overhead-transfer-rate-methodology-final-notice
https://ncua.gov/about/board-actions/board-comments/2020/strategies-future-examination-and-supervision-utilizing-digital-technology
https://ncua.gov/about/budget-performance
https://ncua.gov/about/business-opportunities
https://ncua.gov/about/careers
https://ncua.gov/about/careers/employee-engagement
https://ncua.gov/about/careers/internships
https://ncua.gov/about/careers/meet-our-people
https://ncua.gov/about/careers/pay-benefits
https://ncua.gov/about/careers/personnel-security
https://ncua.gov/about/careers/personnel-security/faqs
https://ncua.gov/about/diversity-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/about/diversity-inclusion/credit-union-diversity
https://ncua.gov/about/diversity-inclusion/credit-union-diversity/credit-union-diversity-self-assessment
https://ncua.gov/about/diversity-inclusion/workforce-diversity-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/about/diversity-inclusion/workplace-resolutions
https://ncua.gov/about/diversity-inclusion/workplace-resolutions/ncuas-annual-equal-employment-opportunity-policy-statement
https://ncua.gov/about/diversity-inclusion/workplace-resolutions/pas-fact-sheet
https://ncua.gov/about/historical-timeline
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/hotline
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/hotline/portal
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/oig-reports
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/oig-reports/audit-reports
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/oig-reports/material-loss-reviews
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/oig-reports/other-reports
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/oig-reports/performance-strategic-plans
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/oig-reports/semiannual-reports-letters-congress
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/oig-reports/semiannual-reports-letters-congress/letter-chairman-gary-peters-regarding-oig-review-ncua-compliance-under-piia-2024
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/what-should-be-reported
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/whistleblower-protection
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/whistleblower-protection-your-rights
https://ncua.gov/about/inspector-general/whistleblower-protection-your-rights/ncua-annual-whistleblower-protection-prohibited-personnel-practice-notice
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-kyle-s-hauptman
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-kyle-s-hauptman/news-press
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-kyle-s-hauptman/newsletter-articles
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-kyle-s-hauptman/recent-speeches
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-tanya-f-otsuka
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-tanya-f-otsuka/news-press
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-tanya-f-otsuka/newsletter-articles
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-tanya-f-otsuka/recent-speeches
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper/event-request-form
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper/honorable-todd-m-harper-chairman-board-member-media-gallery
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper/news-press
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper/newsletter-articles
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper/newsletter-articles/until-appraisal-bias-conquered-racial-wealth-gap-will-persist
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper/publications-chairman-todd-m-harper
https://ncua.gov/about/leadership/honorable-todd-m-harper/recent-speeches
https://ncua.gov/about/mission-values
https://ncua.gov/about/open-government
https://ncua.gov/about/open-government/accessibility-limited-english-proficiency-exit-statement
https://ncua.gov/about/open-government/ncua-office-ethics-counsel
https://ncua.gov/about/open-government/ombudsman
https://ncua.gov/about/open-government/plain-writing-act-2010
https://ncua.gov/about/open-government/plain-writing-act-2010/implementation-plan
https://ncua.gov/about/open-government/website-policies
https://ncua.gov/about/open-government/website-policies/information-quality
https://ncua.gov/accessibility
https://ncua.gov/activate-express-subscription
https://ncua.gov/analysis
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/community-charter-reports
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/merger-activity-insurance-report
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/merger-activity-insurance-report/mergers-second-quarter-2018
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2009-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2010-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2011-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2012-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2013-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2014-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2015-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2016-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/trade-industry-or-profession-report/2017-year-end
https://ncua.gov/analysis/chartering-mergers/underserved-area-report
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/aggregate-financial-performance-reports
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/call-report-forms-instructions-archive
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/financial-performance-reports
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/financial-trends-federally-insured-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2017/2017-first-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2018
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2018/2018-first-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2019
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2019/2019-first-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2020
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2020/2020-first-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2021
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2021/2021-q1-credit-union-indicators-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2022
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2022/2022-first-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2023
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2023/2023-first-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2024
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/first-quarter-2024/2024-first-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2016
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2016/2016-fourth-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2017/2017-fourth-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2018
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2018/2018-fourth-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2019
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2019/2019-fourth-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2020
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2020/2020-fourth-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2021
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2021/2021-fourth-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2022
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2022/2022-fourth-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2023
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/fourth-quarter-2023/2023-fourth-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/historical-credit-union-data-us
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2017/2017-second-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2018
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2018/2018-second-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2019
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2019/2019-second-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2020
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2020/2020-second-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2021
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2021/2021-second-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2022
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2022/2022-second-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2023
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2023/2023-second-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2024
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/second-quarter-2024/2024-second-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2017/2017-third-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2018
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2018/2018-third-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2019
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2019/2019-third-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2020
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2020/2020-third-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2021
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2021/2021-third-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2022
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2022/2022-third-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2023
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/ncua-quarterly-us-map-review/third-quarter-2023/2023-third-quarter-summary-tables
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/quarterly-data
https://ncua.gov/analysis/credit-union-corporate-call-report-data/quarterly-data-summary-reports
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2003-2005
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2008-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2008-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2008-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2008-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2009-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2009-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2009-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2009-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2010-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2010-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2010-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2010-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2011-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2011-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2011-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2011-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2012-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2012-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2012-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2012-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2013-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2013-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2013-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2013-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2014-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2014-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2014-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2014-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2015-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2015-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2015-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2015-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2016-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2016-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2016-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2016-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2017-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2017-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2017-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2017-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2018-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2018-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2018-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2018-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2019-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2019-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2019-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2019-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2020-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2020-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2020-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2020-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2021-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2021-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2021-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2021-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2022-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2022-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2022-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2022-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2023-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2023-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2023-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2023-q4
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2024-q1
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2024-q2
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/credit-union-bank-rates/credit-union-and-bank-rates-2024-q3
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/cusos-glance
https://ncua.gov/analysis/cuso-economic-data/cusos-glance/cusos-glance-2021
https://ncua.gov/consumers
https://ncua.gov/consumers/consumer-assistance-center/ncuas-consumer-assistance-center-faqs
https://ncua.gov/consumers/financial-literacy-resources
https://ncua.gov/consumers/property-appraisal-and-valuation-equity
https://ncua.gov/consumers/share-insurance-coverage
https://ncua.gov/consumers/share-insurance-coverage/frequently-asked-questions-about-share-insurance
https://ncua.gov/contact-us
https://ncua.gov/data
https://ncua.gov/data/enterprise-data-governance-council-charter
https://ncua.gov/faqs-ransomware-and-supply-chain-risk-management
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0016-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0018-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0019-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0020-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0021-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0022-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0024-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0025-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0026-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0028-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0029-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0031-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0032-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0034-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0035-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0036-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0037-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0038-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0039-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0040-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0042-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0043-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0044-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0045-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/17-0046-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0206-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0207-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0210-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0211-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0212-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0213-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0214-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0215-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0218-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0219-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0220-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0221-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0222-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0223-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0224-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0225-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0226-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0229-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0230-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0231-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0232-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0233-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0237-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0238-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0239-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0240-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0241-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0242-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0244-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0245-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO14-0246-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0011-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0012-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0013-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0015-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0017-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0018-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0019-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0021-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0022-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0023-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0024-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0026-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0028-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0030-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0032-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0033-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0034-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0035-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0036-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0037-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0039-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0040-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0041-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0043-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0044-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0047-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO15-0049-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0070-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0071-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0072-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0074-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0075-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0078-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0081-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0082-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0083-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0086-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0088-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO17-0090-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0116-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0117-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0118-WR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0119-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0120-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0121-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0127-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0131-SR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0136-SR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0137-SR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0139-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0140-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0141-WR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0142-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO19-0143-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1991-1001I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1991-1001III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1991-1001VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1992-0901 I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1992-0901 V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1992-0902 V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1992-1101 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1992-1101 V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1992-1101 VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0101III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0101IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0201 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0202 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0501 II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0901 III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0901 VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0902 III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-0903 III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1993-1002 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1994-0101 III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1994-0101 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1994-0202 VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1994-0401 V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1994-0501 V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1994-0701 III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1995-0101 V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1995-0201 III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1995-0402 V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1995-1101 I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1995-1101 III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1995-1101 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1995-1102 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-03-01-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-07-01-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-07-02-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-08-01-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-08-03-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-0801-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-09-01-GC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-09-01-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-10-01-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-10-01-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-11-01-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1101-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1101II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1101V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1102-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-12-01-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-12-04-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1201-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1201-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1201A-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1202IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1996-1203IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0102 I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-02-01-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-03-01-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-03-02-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-03-03-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-03-04-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-03-05-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-03-06-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-03-07-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-03-1-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0301-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0302-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0303-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0401-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0401-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0401-IV-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0402-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-05-01-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-06-01-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0601-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0701-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0701IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0701VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0702-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0702-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0702IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0703-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0901III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-0902-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-11-01-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-12-01-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-12-02-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-12-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1997-12-2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-01-01-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-02-01-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0401-11.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0401-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0401-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0401-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0402-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0402-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0403-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0501-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0601-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0601-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0601VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0602-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0602-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0603-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0603-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0604-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0605-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0606-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0607-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0608-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0609-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0610-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0611-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0612-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0613-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0701-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0701-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0701-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0702-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0801-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0801-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0801-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0801-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0802-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0802-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0803-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0804-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0901-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0901-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-0901-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-1-01-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-1001-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-1101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-1101-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-12-1-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-1201-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-1201-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-3-01-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-3-01-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-98-0401-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-98-0601-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-9801-01-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1998-9801-01-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0201-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0201-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0201-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0301-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0301-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0301-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0301-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0401-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0401-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0401-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0402-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0402-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0402-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0403-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0403-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0404-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0405-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0406-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0407-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0501-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0501-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0701-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0801-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0801-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0802-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0803-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-0901-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-11-01-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-1101 II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-1102-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-1103-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-1104-l.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO1999-1201-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0201-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0201-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0201-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0301-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0301-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0401-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-06-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0601-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0601-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0602-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0603-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0701-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0701-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0701-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0702-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0702-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0702-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0703-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0703-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0704-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0801-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0801-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0801-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0802-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-09-01-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0901-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-0902-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-1001-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-1001-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-1002-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-1002-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-1003-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-1101-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-12-01-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-12-02-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2000-1201-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0201-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0202-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0301-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0301-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0301-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0301-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0302-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0302-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0303-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0401-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0502-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-06-02-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0601-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0601-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0601-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0603-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0701-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0701-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0701-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0801-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0802-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0803-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0804-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0901-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-0901-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-1001-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-1001-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-1101-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2001-12-03-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0101-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0101-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0102-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0103-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0201-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0201-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0202-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0203-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0204-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0301-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0401-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0401-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0402-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0501-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0501-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0601-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0701VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0702VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0703VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0801-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0801-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-0901-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-1001-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-1002-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2002-1201-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0101-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0101-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0201-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0601-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0601-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0602-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0602-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-07-01-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0701-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0701-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0801-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0802-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0803-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0901-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0901-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0901-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-0902-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-1001-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-1001-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-1001-VI.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-1201-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-1201-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2003-1201-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0101-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0102-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0102-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0201-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0201-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0301-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0302-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0303-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0402-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0403-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0501-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0501-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0501-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0502-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0502-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0502-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0503-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0503-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0601-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0701-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0901-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0901-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0901-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0901-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-0902-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-1001-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-1101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-1101-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-1101-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-1102-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2004-1201-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0101 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0101-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0102-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0201-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0202-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0301-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0301-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0301-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0301-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0301-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0302-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0302-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0302-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0303-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0401-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0401-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0401-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0401-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0401-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0402-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0402-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0403-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0501-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0501-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0501-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0501-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0502-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0601-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0601-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0601-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0602-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0701-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0701-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0701-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0701-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0702-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0702-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0702-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0801-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0801-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0801-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0801-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0802-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0802-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0802-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0803-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0803-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0803-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0804-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0804-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0805-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0806-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0807-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0808-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0809-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-0810-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1001-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1001-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1001-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1002-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1003-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1101-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1101-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1102-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1201-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1201-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1201-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1202-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1202-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1202-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1203-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2005-1203-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0101-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0201-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0201-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0301-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0401-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0601-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0701-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0701-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0702-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0703-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0801-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0802 II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0803-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-09-01-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0901-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-0902-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1001 I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1001-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1101 IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1101-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1101-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1102-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1102-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1102-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1102-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1103-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1103-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1103-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1103-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1104-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1104-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1104-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1104-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1105-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1105-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1106-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1106-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1107-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1201-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1201-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1201-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1201-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1202-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1202-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2006-1202-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0101-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0201-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0201-ll.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0202-ll.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0203-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0301-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0301-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0302-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0401-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0401-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0501-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0501-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0501-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0501-V.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0502-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0601-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0601-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0701-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0701-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0801-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0801-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0801-l.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0802-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0802-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-0803-I.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-1001-II.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-1001-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-1001-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-1002-III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-1201-l.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-1201-ll.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2007-1202-ll.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0001-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-00011-R III.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0002R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0003-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0003-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0008-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0010-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0011-R111.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0012-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0015-RV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0016-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0019-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0021-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0024-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0025-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0026-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0028-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0032-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0034-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0035-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0036-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0038-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0042-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0044-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0045-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0046-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0047-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0048-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0049-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-0101-ll.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2008-027-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0001-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0005-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0007-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0010-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0011-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0012-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0013-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0014-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0015-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0017-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0019-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0020-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0021-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0023-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0024-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0025-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0026-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0027-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0028-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0029-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0030-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0033-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0034-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0036-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0037-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0038-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0040-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0043-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0047-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0048-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0050-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0052-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0054-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0056-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0057-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0059-IV.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2009-0060-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0003-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0004-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0005-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0006-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0007-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0008-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0011 R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0013-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0014-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0016-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0021-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0031-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0031-R1Daniels.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0032-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0046-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2010-0052-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0002-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0003-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0007-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0010-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0015-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0022-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0028-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0031-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0032-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0033-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0038-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0042-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0047-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0048-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0049-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0050-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0054-R2.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0056-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2011-0060-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0003-CO.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0004-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0007-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0011-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0012-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0015-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0019-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0020-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0021-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0022-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0023-CO.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0024-CO.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0025-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0026-CO.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0027-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0028.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0029-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0032-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0033-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0037-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0045-CO.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0050-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0051R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0056-R4Judy.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0057-R1Unger.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0061-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0065-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0066-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0072-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0073-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0076-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2012-0077-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0002-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0003-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0005-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0008-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0023-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0024-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0028-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0029-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0030-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0032-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0036-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0039-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0041-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0048-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0052-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0055-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0056-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0058-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0066-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0070-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0072-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0073-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2013-0078-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0001-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0003-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0012-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0014-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0015-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0016-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0017-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0020-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0023-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0024-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0025-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0027-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0032-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0034-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0035-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0036-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0037-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0038-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0039-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0040-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0041-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0042-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0045-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0047-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0048-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0049-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0052-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0053-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0054-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0055-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0056-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0057-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0058-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0059-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0060-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0061-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0062-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0063-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0065-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0066-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0067-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0068-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0070-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0071-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0072-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0073-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0076-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0077-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0079-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0080-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0081-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0082-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0083-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0084-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0085-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0086-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0087-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0088-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0089-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0091-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0092-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0093-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0094-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0097-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0098-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0099-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0100-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0102-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0103-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0106-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0108-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0110-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0113-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0114-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0115-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0116-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0120-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0121-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0123-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0126-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0127-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0134-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0136-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0138-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0142-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0143-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0144-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0145-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0146-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0147-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0148-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0149-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0150-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0151-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0152-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0153-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0154-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0155-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0156-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0157-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0158-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0159-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0160-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0161-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0163-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0164-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0166-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0167-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0169-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0170-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0171-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0172-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0173-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0174-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0175-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0176-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0177-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0178-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0179-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0181-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0182-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0185-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0186-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0188-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0189-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0190-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0192-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0194-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0195-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0197-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0198-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0199-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0200-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0201-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0202-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2014-0247-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0001-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0003-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0005-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-00054-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0006-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0007-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0008-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0009-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0050-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0051-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0052-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0053-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0058-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0060-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0061-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0062-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0063-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0064-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0066-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0067-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0068-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0069-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0070-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0073-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0074-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0075-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0076-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0078-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0080-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0083-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0084-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0085-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0086-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0087-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0088-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0089-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0090-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0091-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0092-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0096-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0097-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0098-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0099-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0100-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0102-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0105-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0106-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0107-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0108-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0109-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0112-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0115-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0116-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0120-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0122-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0123-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0124-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0125-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0128-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0129-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0130-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0131-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0133-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0137-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0139-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0140-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0141-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0146-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0149-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0150-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0152-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0156-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0157-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0158-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0159-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0160-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0161-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0162-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0163-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0166-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0167-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0168-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0169-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0171-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0172-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0173-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0174-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0175-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0178-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0180-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0182-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0184-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0185-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2015-0186-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0001-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0006-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0007-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0013-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0019-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0027-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0028-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0030-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0031-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0032-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0033-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0036-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0038-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0040-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0041-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0042-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0043-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0044-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0045-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0047-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0048-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0049-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0051-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0052-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0053-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0054-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0055-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0056-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0057-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0059-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0070-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0073-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0084-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0085-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0086-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0089-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0090-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0091-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0092-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0093-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0094-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0097-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0098-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0100-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0101-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0102-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0103-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0104-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0105-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0106-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0107-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0108-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0109-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0110-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0111-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0112-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0114-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0115-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0116-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0117-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0119-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0123-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0127-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0128-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0130-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0131-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0136-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0138-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0139-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0141-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0142-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0143-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0145-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0146-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0148-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0149-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0150-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0151-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0154-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0155-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0156-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0157-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0158-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0159-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0160-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0162-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0163-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0166-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0167-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0168-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0169-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0170-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0171-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0173-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0176-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0181-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0182-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0183-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0185-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0186-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0187-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0188-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0189-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0190-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0192-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0193-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0194-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0196-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0197-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0199-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0200-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0201-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0202-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0204-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0205-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0206-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0207-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0208-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0209-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0210-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0211-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0212-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0213-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0214-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0215-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0216-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0217-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0218-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0219-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2016-0222-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0006-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0007-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0009-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0011-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0013-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0014-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0017-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0018-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0047-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0048-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0055-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0056-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0057-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0058-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0059-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0060-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0062-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0064-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0065-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0067-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0091-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0093-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0096-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0101-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0164-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0165-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0170-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2017-0171-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0001-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0002-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0003-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0004-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0005-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0006-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0015-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0017-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0020-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0021-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0022-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0024-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0025-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0027-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0028-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0029-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0030-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0031-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0035-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0045-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0046-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0047-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0048-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0053-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0054-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0055-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0056-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0057-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0058-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0060-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0061-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0062-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0063-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0066-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0068-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0069-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0070-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0071-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0075-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0076-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-00765-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0077-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0078-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0079-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0083-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0084-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0085-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0087-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0090-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0091-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0093-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0097-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0098-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0099-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0100-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0101-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0103-R3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0104-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0105-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0107-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2018-0109-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0101-R5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0103-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0107-SR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0111-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0112-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0116-WR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0130-SR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0156-SR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0157-SR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0181-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0184-SR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2019-0186-ER.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AO2105-0110-R1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AP2013-0010-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AP2013-0016-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/AP2013-0019-R4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-abw-emp-credit-union-inc-cu-66972.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-arkansas-am-n-college-fcu-7700.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-bcbst-employees-cu-67738.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-brockport-fcu-20013.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-camino-fcu-4633.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-charleston-county-teachers-fcu-10875.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-christ-the-king-parish-fcu-8072.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-clifford-jacobs-employees-cu-60627.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-coopers-cave-fcu-12671.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-ct1-media-cu-60049.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-cup-fcu-13833.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-denocos-fcu-12028.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-evanston-firemens-cu-62338.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-frio-county-fcu-20267.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-galveston-government-employees-cu-67427.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-grace-congregational-church-fcu-7883.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-guardian-first-fcu-3494.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-healthplus-fcu-5930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-jacksonville-firemens-cu-67717.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-la-mission-fcu-20720.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-last-fcu-23317.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-letcher-county-teachers-cu-62303.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-mt-jezreel-fcu-24246.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-ngh-cu-67990.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-nul-fcu-20060.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-ohio-operating-engineers-fcu-14689.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-olympia-cu-68331.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-path-fcu-8118.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-peabody-municipal-fcu-14281.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-pocono-medical-center-fcu-21240.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-pomona-postal-fcu-16196.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-resurrection-lutheran-fcu-15240.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-riverview-community-fcu-7921.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-saker-shop-rite-fcu-15370.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-st-gabriels-fcu-17874.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-tabernacle-fcu-14103.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-thd6-cu-61312.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017-white-county-fcu-24428.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/administrative-orders/march-2017cn-ic-employees-cu-68069.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/2023-2024-budget-bam-20221215.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/2023-annual-performance-plan-20230126.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/2023-annual-performance-plan-bam-20230126.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/2024-2025-budget-bam-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/2024-annual-performance-plan-20240118.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100129Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100129Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100129Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100129Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100218Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100218Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100218Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100218Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100318Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100318Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100318Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100318Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100318Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100318Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100318Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100318Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100429Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100429Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100429Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100429Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100429Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100429Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100520Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100520Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100520Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100520Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100520Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100617Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100729Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item5c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item6.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item7a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100916Item7b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100924Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100924Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100924Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100924Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20100924Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101021Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101021Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101021Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101021Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101021Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101021Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101021Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101118Item6.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item6.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item7.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item8a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item8b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item9a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20101216Item9b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110113Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110113Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110113Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110113Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110113Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110113Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110113Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110217Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110317Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110421Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110421Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110421Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110421Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110421Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110421Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110421Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110519Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110617Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110617Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110617Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110617Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110617Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110617Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110617Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110617Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110629Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110629Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110629Item1c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item7a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110721Item7b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110829Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110829Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110829Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110829Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110922Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110922Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110922Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110922Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20110922Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111027Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111027Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111027Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111027Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item1A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item1B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item2A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item2B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item4A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item4B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item5A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item5B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item6A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111117Item7.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item10A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item10B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item1A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item1B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item2A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item2B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item3A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item3B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item4A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item5A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item6A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item6B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item7A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item7B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item8A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item8B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20111215Item9A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120126Item1A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120126Item1B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120126Item2A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120126Item2B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120126Item3A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120126Item3B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120315Item1A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120315Item1B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120315Item2A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120315Item2B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120315Item3A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120315Item3B.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120524Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120524Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120524Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120524Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120524Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120524Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120524Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120524Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120724Item7.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120920Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120920Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120920Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120920Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120920Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120920Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120920Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20120920Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121018Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121018Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121018Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121018Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121018Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121115Item1.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121115Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121115Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121206Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121206Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121206Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121206Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121206Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121206Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121206Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20121206Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130110Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130221Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130221Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130221Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130221Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130221Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130221Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130221Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130314Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130314Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130314Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130418Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130418Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130516Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130516Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130516Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130516Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130516Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130620Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130620Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130620Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130725Item6.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130912Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130912Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130912Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130912Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20130912Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131024Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131121Item1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131121Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131121Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131121Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131121Item4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131121Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131121Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131121Item6.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20131212Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item1c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140123Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140220Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140220Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140220Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140320Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140320Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140320Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140424Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140424Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140424Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140424Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140424Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140424Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140424Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140522Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140522Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140522Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140522Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140619Item5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140731Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140731Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140731Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140731Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140731Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140731Item4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140731Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140731Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140918Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140918Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140918Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20140918Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141023Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141023Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141023Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141023Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141023Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141120Item1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141120Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141120Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141120Item4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141120Item5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141211Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141211Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141211Item1c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141211Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141211Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141211Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141211Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20141211Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150115Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150115Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150115Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150115Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150115Item3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150115Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150115Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150219Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150219Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150219Item2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150219Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150219Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150319Item1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150319Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150319Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item7a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150430Item7b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item5aStats.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item5aSuppInfo.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150618Item6c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150723Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150723Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150723Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150723Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150723Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150723Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150723Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150723Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20150917Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151015Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151015Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151015Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151015Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151015Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151015Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151119Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151217Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151217Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151217Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20151217Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item1c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160121Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160218Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160218Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160218Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160218Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160324Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160324Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160324Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160324Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160421Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160421Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160421Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160421Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160421Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160519Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160616Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160616Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160616Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160616Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160721Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160721Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160721Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160721Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160721Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160721Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160915Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20160915Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161027Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161117Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161215Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161215Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161215Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161215Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161215Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161215Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161215Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20161215Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170119Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170119Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170119Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170119Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170223Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170223Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170223Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170420Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170420Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170420Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170420Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170525Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170525Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170525Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170525Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170525Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170525Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170525Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item5c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item5d.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170623Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170720Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20170928Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171019Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item3d.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171116Item4d.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171214Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171214Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171214Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20171214Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180125Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180215Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180215Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180215Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180215Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180215Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180315Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180315Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180315Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180315Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180419Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180419Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180419Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180419Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180524Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180524Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180524Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180524Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180524Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180621Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180621Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180621Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180621Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180621Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180621Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180621Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180802Item5c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180920Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180920Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180920Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180920Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180920Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180920Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20180920Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181018Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181018Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181018Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181018Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181018Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181115Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181115Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181115Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181115Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181115Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181213Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181213Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181213Item1c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181213Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181213Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181213Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181213Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20181213Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190117Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190117Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190117Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190117Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190117Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190117Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190117Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190214Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190214Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190214Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190314Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190314Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190314Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190418Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190418Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190523Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190523Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190523Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190523Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190523Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190620Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190620Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190620Item1c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190718Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190919Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190919Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190919Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190919Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190919Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190919Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20190919Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191024Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191024Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191024Item1c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191024Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191024Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191024Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191121Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191121Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191121Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191121Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191121Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191121Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191121Item3c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191212Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191212Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191212Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191212Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191212Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20191212Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200123Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200220Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200220Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200220Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200220Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200220Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200220Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200220Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200220Item4c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200416Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200416Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200416Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200416Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200416Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200416Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200416Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200521Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200521Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200521Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200521Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200521Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200521Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200521Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200625Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200625Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200625Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200625Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200625Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200625Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200625Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200730Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200917Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200917Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200917Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200917Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200917Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20200917Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201015Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201015Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201015Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201015Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201015Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201028Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201028Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201119Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201119Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201119Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201119Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201119Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201119Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201119Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201119Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201217Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201218Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201218Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201218Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201218Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201218Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20201218Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item6a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item6b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item7a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item7b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item8a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item9a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210114Item9b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210218Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210218Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210218Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210218Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210318Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210318Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210318Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210318Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210318Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210422Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210520Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210520Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210520Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210520Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210520Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210624Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210624Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210624Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210624Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210624Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210624Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210722Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210722Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210722Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210722Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210923Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210923Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210923Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210923Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210923Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210923Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210923Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20210923Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211021Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211021Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211021Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211021Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211021Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211118Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211118Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211118Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211118Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211118Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211118Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211118Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item1a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item2a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item2c.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item3a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item3b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item4b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item5a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG20211216Item5b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/AG204161117Item4a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/NCUA_Presentation_CSF_Mar_2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/annual-performance-plan-20220317.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/annual-performance-plan-bam-20220317.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/asset-threshold-bam-20220217.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/asset-threshold-bam-20220721.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/asset-threshold-final-rule-20220721.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/asset-threshold-notice-proposed-rulemaking-20220217.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/budget-2023-board-briefing-20221019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/budget-2024-board-briefing-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/budget-2025-board-briefing-20241122.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/budget-justification-2025-20241122.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/central-liquidity-facility-board-briefing-20220127.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/central-liquidity-facility-board-briefing-20221020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/charitable-donation-accounts-bam-20230525.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/charitable-donation-accounts-bam-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/charitable-donation-accounts-final-rule-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/charitable-donation-accounts-proposed-rule-20230525.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/chartering-field-membership-bam-20230216.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/chartering-field-membership-proposed-rule-20230216.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/civil-monetary-penalty-inflation-adjustment-final-rule-20220127.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/clf-budget-bam-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/clf-budget-board-briefing-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/clf-budget-board-briefing-20241121.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/clf-budget-justification-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/clf-budget-justification-20241121.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/climate-financial-risk-rfi-20230420.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/climate-financial-risk-rfi-bam-20230420.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/corporate-system-resolution-update-board-briefing-20220317.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cyber-incident-bam-20220721.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cyber-incident-notification-requirements-bam-20230216.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cyber-incident-notification-requirements-final-rule-20230216.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cyber-incident-proposed-rule-20220721.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cybersecurity-board-briefing-20221020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cybersecurity-board-briefing-20231019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cybersecurity-board-briefing-20241024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cybersecurity-update-board-briefing-20220421.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/cybersecurity-update-board-briefing-20230420.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/dei-program-update-board-briefing-20220421.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/deia-strategic-plan-2024-2026-20240118.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/deia-strategic-plan-2024-2026-board-briefing-20240118.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/fair-hiring-banking-bam-20231019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/fair-hiring-banking-final-rule-20240919.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/fair-hiring-banking-proposed-rule-20231019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/fair-hiring-banking-revised-delegation-authority-20240919.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/fcu-interest-rate-ceiling-bam-20230126.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/fcu-loan-interest-rate-ceiling-board-briefing-20230420.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/fcu-loan-interest-rate-ceiling-board-briefing-20240718.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/fcu-loan-interest-rate-ceiling-supplemental-information-20240718.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/federal-credit-union-bylaws-bam-20230720.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/federal-credit-union-bylaws-final-rule-20230720.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/financial-innovation-bam-20221215.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/financial-innovation-bam-20230921.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/financial-innovation-final-rule-20230921.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/financial-innovation-proposed-rule-20221215.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/incentive-based-compensation-agreements-proposed-rule-20240718.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/mdi-preservation-program-bam-20230622.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/mdi-preservation-program-irps-20240215.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/mdi-preservation-program-proposed-irps-20230622.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/member-expulsion-bam-20220922.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/member-expulsion-proposed-rule-20220922.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/mid-session-budget-review-20220721.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/midsession-budget-bam-20230720.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/midsession-budget-review-20230720.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/new-charter-field-membership-board-briefing-20241024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/new-charter-modernization-board-briefing-20230622.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/normal-operating-level-calculation-20221215.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/op-fee-methodology-bam-20230622.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/op-fee-methodology-request-comment-20230622.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/operating-fee-schedule-methodology-bam-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/operating-fee-schedule-methodology-notice-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/overhead-transfer-rate-methodology-bam-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/overhead-transfer-rate-methodology-request-comment-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/post-examination-survey-project-board-briefing-20220616.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/prompt-corrective-action-bam-20220217.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/prompt-corrective-action-interim-final-rule-20220217.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/records-preservation-program-anpr-20240418.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/risk-appetite-bam-20221020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/risk-appetite-statement-20221020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20220217.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20220526.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20220922.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20221117.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20230216.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20230525.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20230921.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20240215.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20240522.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20240919.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-board-briefing-20241121.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/share-insurance-fund-nol-board-briefing-20221215.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/simplification-share-insurance-rules-bam-20231019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/simplification-share-insurance-rules-final-rule-20240919.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/simplification-share-insurance-rules-proposed-rule-20231019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/strategic-plan-20220317.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/strategic-plan-bam-20220317.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/subordinated-debt-bam-20220922.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/subordinated-debt-bam-20230316.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/subordinated-debt-final-rule-20230316.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/subordinated-debt-proposed-rule-20220922.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/succession-plan-template-20240718.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/succession-planning-bam-20220127.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/succession-planning-proposed-rule-20220127.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/succession-planning-proposed-rule-20240718.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/summary-budgetary-tables-operating-fee-calculations-20221215.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/summary-budgetary-tables-operating-fee-calculations-20231214.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/supervisory-priorities-board-briefing-20220127.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/agenda-items/supplemental-information-interest-rate-statistics-20230126.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/1994AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/1995AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/1996AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/1997AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/1998AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/1999AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/2000AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/2001AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/2002AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/2003AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/2004AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/2005AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/2006AR.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1944.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1945.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1946.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1947.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1948.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1949.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1950.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1951.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1952.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1953.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1954.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1955.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1956.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1957.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1958.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1959.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1960.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1961.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1962.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1963.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1964.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1965.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1966.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1967.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1968.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1969.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1970.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1971.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1972.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1973.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1974.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1975.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1976.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1977.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1978.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1979.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1980.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1981.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1982.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1983.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1984.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1985.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1986.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1987.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1988.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1989.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1990.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1991.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1992.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR1993.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR2007.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR2008-2009.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR2010.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR2011.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR2012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR2013.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/AR2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/annual-reports/annual-report-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/2013-FSA(OIG-14-01_02_03_04).pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/2013-FSA(OIG-14-05)-TCCUSF.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-12-07CorpStabilFundAudit.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-12-08ReviewRedFlagReports.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-12-09ReviewPoliciesPractices.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-12-10ReviewExamProcess.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-12-11MLR_OUR_FCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-12-12NCUADelphiSAP.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-12-13_IndependEvalFISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-12-14_MLREasternNYFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-01-02-03-04FSA.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-05MLRTelesis.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-06CorpStabilFundAudit.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-07ConferenceExpenses.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-08DataCenterSecurity.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-09-MLRChetcoFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-09-MLRElPasosFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-11-ProcessReview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-12FISMA2013-Compliance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-13-13-MLR-GICFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-14-07-SuccessfulOutcomes.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-14-08FISMAIndependentEvaluation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-140326-MLR-Taupa.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-16-07_Review_of_NCUA_FY2015_Purchase-Travel_Card Programs.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-16-07_Review_of_NCUA_FY2015_Purchase-Travel_Card%20Programs.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG-16-08-independent-evaluation-ncua-compliance-fisma-2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG1999-10Vendors.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG199908HighRiskCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG199909CULiqPlan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG199977CUMilestone.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG1999MeritPromotion991.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG1999Statement0001-0004.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG1999Statement993-4-5-996.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG1999WaiverReport992.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG1999Year2000-993.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2000-06Notebook.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2000Statement0102-0105.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2001-01SAP.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2001-06Website.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2001-07Notebook.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2001-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2001-08CallReport.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2001-09GISRA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2001PurchaseCard.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2001Statement0204-0207.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2002-03CHRIS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2002-10.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2002GISRA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2002InfoSec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200301RegIIMemberComplaint.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200308MemberComplaintProcess.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2003FISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2003Statement02-03-04-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2004FISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2004KingStParking.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2004Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2004Statement01-02-03-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200501RegV5300.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2005EmpFedTax.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2005EmpStateTax.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2005FISCU_0506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2005FISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2005ShareIns.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200601-02-03-04Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200605InfoSec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200606FISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200607Lending.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200608Risk.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200609ForeignAsset.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2007-02-03-04-05Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2007-08FISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200701.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200706TrackingDORsSurvey.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200707RealEstateLending.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200709NCUAInfoSecurityProgram.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200710OPFReport.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200711Encrypt.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200801-02-03-04FSAReport.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200805LowIncomeCUGrant.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200806HSPD12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200807FISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200808NCUAInformationSecurity.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200809HomeMortg.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200810MLRHuron.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200901MLRNorlarco.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200902FISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG200903MLRNewLondonSecurity.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201001MLRHighDesert.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201002MLRCenterValley.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201003MLRCalState9.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201004MLREastern.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201005-06-07-08Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201009-10-11-12Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201013FY2009FSATCCUSF.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201014MLRClearstarFinancial.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201015MLREnsign.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201016MLRStPaulCroatian.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201017MLRUSCentral.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201018NCUAFISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201019MLRWesCorp.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201020CappRpt.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2011-02-03-04-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2011-06NCUACentralOffice.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2011-08MLRCertifiedFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2011-09MLRCorpFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2011-10MLRSouthwestCorpFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2011-11MLRDORFollowup.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2011-12FISMA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2011-13CorpStabilizationAudit.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201101MLRMembersUnitedCorp.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201107MLRBeehiveCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2012-02-03-04-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2012-05MLRVensureFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2012-06AMAC-Audit.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201409EqualOpportunityDiversity.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201501MobileDeviceSecurityControls.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201502FSA2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG20150316FSA_TCCUSF2014.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG20150604CoordinationofResponsibilities.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201509MeasurestoProtectElectronicInfo.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201510FISMAFY2015redacted.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG201511ReviewNCUAsIRRProgram.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/OIG2015CardReview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-2015-financial-audit.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-data-act-report-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-fisma-compliance-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-procurement-audit-report-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/inspector-general-restitution-orders-process-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-amac-internal-controls.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-bsa-enforcement-program.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-closing-package-schedule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-cloud-computing-services.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-compliance-fisma-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-compliance-fisma-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-compliance-fisma-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-compliance-fisma-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-compliance-fisma-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-compliance-fisma-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-compliance-fisma-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-comprehensive-records-management-process.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-consumer-complaint-program.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-contracting-officers-representative-program-may-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-cusos-vendors-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-digital-accountability-transparency-act.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-examination-hours.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-governance-it-initiatives.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-information-technology-equipment-v2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-mdi-preservation-program.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-closing-package-schedule-2016-sept.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-closing-package-schedule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-compliance-data-act.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-continuity-operations-program.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-covid19-work-posture.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-cybersecurity-may-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-federal-chartering-process.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-hiring-practices.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-joint-exam-process.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-schedule-investments-taxes-receipts-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-schedule-investments-taxes-receipts.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-schedule-other-assets-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ncua-schedule-other-assets.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-ones-cu-cybersecurity-programs-oversight.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-quality-assurance-program-aug-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-risk-assessments-ncua-charge-card-programs-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-schedule-assets-contributed-capital.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-audit-schedule-contributed-capital-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-financial-statement-audits-tccusf-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-financial-statement-audits-tccusf-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-material-loss-review-cbs-employees.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-material-loss-review-indianapolis-newspaper.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-material-loss-review-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-material-loss-review.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-ncua-charge-card-risk-assessments-fy-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/oig-review-ncua-it-exam-oversight-cybersecurity-programs-sept-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/review-ncua-data-act-readiness-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/audit-reports/stabilization-fund-audit-2015.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/AG20160121Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/BC-STRAT-201644MLee.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/BC-STRAT-201644PGentile.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/BC-STRAT-201645BDouglas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/BC-STRAT-201645LNoggle.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/BC-STRAT-201646PHarris.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Balts-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-CUNA-033018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Carswell-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Conway-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Couchois-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Dennison-032818.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Dykstra-033018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Gentile-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Guttormsson-032918.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Harris-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Keesee-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Knight-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Kossachev-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-LaChapelle-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Lee-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Mercer-033018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Moore-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Ostermann-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Ryan-032918.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Sorensen-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Spivey-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Tacheny-040218.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Wright-033018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/CRM-FR-Comments-2018-Yashewski-032918.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/allowances-credit-losses.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-OTR-2016421PMercer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-alaska-usa.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-carolinas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-cncul.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-coop.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-cuna-rfi.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-first.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-heartland.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-indiana.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-nascus.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-pscu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-roadmap.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-summit.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016-sunmark.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016721LStuart.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016DLavey.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016FIGFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016GTEFinancial.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016KLeggett.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016MYCFCU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016VACU.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016americanbankers.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016amplifyfcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016asteracu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016christiancommunitycu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016coastcentralcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016cornerstoneleague.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016creditunionassocdakotas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016cuofvermont.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016digitalfcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016freedomcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016granitestatecu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016hicommunityfcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016leominstercu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016loverslanecu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016nafcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016nafcu2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016navyfcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016ohculeague.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016oregonstatecu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016penncuassoc.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016questfcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016railroadfcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016sacu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016safecu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016schoolsfirstfcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016siucu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016ssawisc.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016stpaschalbaylonfcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016suncoastcu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016tricitiescu.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-data-2016wiscbankersassoc.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016-421DDaigle.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421ANiebur.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421BDouglas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421BSchneider.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421CConnelly.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421DDykstra.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421EOlstad.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421KRoss.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421NBlackstock.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421PGentile.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016421PMercer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016426APrice.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016426DBerger.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-opfee-2016426RWargo.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016-426JOlson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016-426LRosin.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016-426PGuttormsson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-20160125VPantea.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016418HFeeney.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016418LJekel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016418PBrucker.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421ANiebur.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421B4-26-16-HCUA-BradDouglas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421BSchneider.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421CConnelly.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421DBerger.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421DDaigle.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421DDykstra.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421DGallagher.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421DHanson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421EOlstad.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421FMancini.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421HHagen.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421JLandsiedel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421JMcKenzie.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421KHagler.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421KRoss.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421KSantos.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421LHolderman.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421LIto.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421MDunn.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421NBlackstock.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421PCann.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421PGentile.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016421VPantea.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016426APrice.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016426BKamm.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016426JPerez.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-2016426MLee.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-201645DKileen.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-201645REntringer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-201652FMancini.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-otr-201656GGee.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-strat-2016320VPantea.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/bc-strat-201645MEmancipator.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/board-otr-08292017HFeeney.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/board-otr-20170829BSchneider.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/board-otr-20170829JKolhoff.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/board-otr-20170829KSantos.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/board-otr-20170829MEmancipator.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/call-report-modernization-june-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-crm-20180327BDrummond.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-crm-20180327FSantucci.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-crm-20180327GSam.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-crm-20180327HWirz.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-crm-20180327MGretkowski.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-crm-20180327RFox.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-crm-20180411JTrull.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170811DBerry.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170818JCassidy.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831BDouglas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831DAdams.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831DDykstra.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831DKileen.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831JHartlove.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831JLara.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831JMcKenzie.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831JOlson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831LIto.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831LNoggle.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831MHughes.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831MLord.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831MSchaefer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831PGentile.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831PGuttormsson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831PMecer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831REntringer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20170831VPantea.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-otr-20180818DSchwartz.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109AKossachev.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109BDouglas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109JHartlove.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109JKoch.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109MMichel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109PGentile.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109PMercer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109REntringer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109RZearfoss.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rfi-20180109ZFallstich.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rif-20180109JYates.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171112MRyan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171114RLockett.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171114tonini.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171115BLandis.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171115KHardy.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171115TZinn.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121ACamilleri.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121AInstitute.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121AMaynard.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121BDouglas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121BHann.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121BHarper.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121BKnight.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121BrianT.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121CDawson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121CPurvis.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121DGunderson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121EHollis.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121GGrinnell.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121JBratsakis.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121JCassidy.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121JHartlove.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121JJohnson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121JMelchionda.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121JOlson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121JSullivan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121KSchnack.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121LButke.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121MBalogh.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121MEakes.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121MEmancipator.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121MLee.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121MMichel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121PConway.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121PFord.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121PGentile.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121PGuttormsson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121PJury.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121PMercer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121RHaas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121RPowell.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121SSalzer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121SYashewski.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121TOppelt.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121WMellin.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171121ZFallstich.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-20171130JSimpson.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-rra-2017115JHillgrove.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-strat17-20171201MMichel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-strat17-20171201PMercer.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-strat17-20171205BDouglas.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-strat17-20171205BKnight.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/board-comments/comment-strat2017-20171201AKossachev.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/bylaws/federal-credit-union-bylaws-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2014/PR20140619SafeHarbor.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2016/proposed-chartering-field-membership-manual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2017/AG20170928Item2b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2017/proposed-appeals-procedures.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2017/proposed-corporate-credit-unions-june-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2017/proposed-emergency-mergers.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2017/proposed-requirements-for-insurance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2017/proposed-rule-capital-planning-stress-testing-2017-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2017/proposed-supervisory-review-committee.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2017/proposed-voluntary-mergers.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/comment-letters/2018/2018-17087.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200701Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200702Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200703Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200704Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200705Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200706Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200707Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200708Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200709Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200710Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200711Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200712Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200801Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200802Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200803Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200804Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200805Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200806Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200807Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200808Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200809Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200810Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200811Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200812Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200901Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200902Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200903Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200904Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200905Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200906Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200907Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200908Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200909Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200910Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200911Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF200912Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201001Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201002Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201003Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201004Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201005Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201006Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201007Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201008Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201009Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201010Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201012Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201101Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201102Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201103Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201109Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201112Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201201Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201206Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201209Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201212Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201306Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201309Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201312Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201403Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201406Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201409Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201412Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/CDRLF201503Statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/april-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/april-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/april-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/april-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/april-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/august-2018-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/august-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/august-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/august-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/august-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/august-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-highlights-dec-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-highlights-june-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-highlights-sept-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/december-2017-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/december-2018-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/december-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/december-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/december-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/december-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/december-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/february-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/february-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/february-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/february-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/february-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/financial-statements-dec-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/january-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/january-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/january-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/january-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/january-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/july-2018-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/july-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/july-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/july-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/july-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/july-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/june-2016-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/june-2017-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/june-2018-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/june-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/june-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/june-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/june-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/june-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/march-2016-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/march-2017-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/march-2018-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/march-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/march-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/march-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/march-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/march-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/may-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/may-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/may-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/may-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/may-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/november-2018-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/november-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/november-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/november-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/november-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/november-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/october-2018-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/october-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/october-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/october-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/october-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/october-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/september-2016-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/september-2017-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/september-2018-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/september-2019-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/september-2020-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/september-2021-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/september-2022-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-reports/september-2023-financial-statements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2000-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2001-02ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2001-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2001-04Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2003-02Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2003-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2003-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2004-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2004-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2004-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2004-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2004-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2005-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2005-02-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2005-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2007-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/corporate-guidance-letters/LCCU2007-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/foia/navy-federal-credit-union-charter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/foia/ncua-cfpb-memorandum-understanding.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/graphics/share-insurance-estimator-logo.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/legal-opinions/BL2011-0980R.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/legal-opinions/OL2015-0818.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/20-cu-02-ncua-actions-related-covid-19.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/EIN_Letter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/ElderAbuseGuidance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/HELOC-Interagency-Guidance-20140702.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU1989-109.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU1994-161.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU1997-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU1997-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU1997-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU1998-16.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU1999-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU1999-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2000-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2000-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2000-14.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2001-09ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2001-21.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2002-05ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2002-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2003-01ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2003-14ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2003-15.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2003-17.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2003-17ENC1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2003-17ENC2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2004-01ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2004-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2004-10ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2004-13ENC1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2005-01ENCL.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2005-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2005-03Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2005-06Encl1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2005-07Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2005-09Encl1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2005-12Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2005-21ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2006-07ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2006-12ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2006-16ENC1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2006-16ENC2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2006-16ENC3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2007-09ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2007-13ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-01ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-08ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-09ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-13ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-14ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-15ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-24ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-24ENC2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-26ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2008-26Enc-2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-02ENC1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-02ENC2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-10ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-13.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-14ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-16ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-19ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-20ENC1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-20ENC2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2009-23ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-01Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-06Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-07Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-08Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-11Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-14Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-16.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-16Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-17Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-20Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-23Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2010-26Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2011-04ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2011-04EnclGuidelines.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2011-08ENC1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2011-08ENC2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2011-08ENC3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2011-08ENC4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2011-12Enc1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2011-12Enc2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2012-06Enc.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2012-07Enc.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-02ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-05_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-10-AccessFederalReserveDiscountWindow.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-10-InteragencyPolicyStatementFunding.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-10-Liquidity-and-ContingencyFundingPlans.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-12_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-15_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-3_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2013-7_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/LCU2015-04Enclosure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/SL-17-01-evaluating-compliance-risk.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/SL-18-01-bank-secrecy-act-questionnaire-enclosure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/SupervisoryLetter14-01CFPBAbility-to-Repay.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/SupervisoryLetter_MoneyServices.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/SupervisoryLetter_TaxiMedallion.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/camels-rating-system-appendix-a.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/camels-rating-system-appendix-b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/cyber-incident-reporting-quick-reference-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/exam-flexibility-initiative-report-2016-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/financial-instruments-credit-losses-faqs.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/irr-workbook-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/ncua-secure-email-message-center-instructions.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-credit-unions/policy-statement-prudent-cre-loan-accommodations-workouts.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LFCU2002-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LFCU2003-06ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LFCU2003-07ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LFCU2006-02ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LFCU2006-04ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LFCU2007-02ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LFCU2011-02ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LFCU2012-01ENCL.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/LTCU2015-03Enclosure2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/OCP_FairLendingGuide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/operating-fee-schedule-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/letters-federal-credit-unions/operating-fee-schedule-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/news/events/supervisory-priorities-webinar-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/2021-2026-oig-strategic-plan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/CIGFO-tmpc-final-report-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/NCUA_Semiannual_Report_Congress_March_2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG199909Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200003Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200009Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200103Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200109Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200203Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200209Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200303Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200309Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200403Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200409Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200503Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200509Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200603Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200609Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200703Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200709Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200803Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200809Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200903Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG200909Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201003Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201009Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201103Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201109Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201203Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG20120830LTRIssa.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201209Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG20130206IssaResponse.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG20130225IPERAComplianceReview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG20130328ClimateChange.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201303Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201309Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201403Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201409Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/OIG201504Semiannual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/inspector-general-semiannual-report-to-congress-april-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/ncua-oig-annual-whistleblower-protection-notice.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/ncua-ppd-19-policy.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-annual-work-plan-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-annual-work-plan-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-annual-work-plan-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-brochure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-compliance-review-ipera-april-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-compliance-review-ipera-april-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-compliance-review-ipera-april-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-compliance-review-ipera-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-compliance-review-ipera-may-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-compliance-review-piia-april-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-compliance-review-piia-june-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-deia-strategic-plan-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-hotline-poster.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-investigative-activity-log-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-investigative-activity-log-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-review-ncua-compliance-april-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-review-ncua-compliance-march-2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-review-ncua-compliance-march-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-system-review-report-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/oig-top-management-performance-challenges-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/ppd-19-policy.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/prohibited-personnel-practices.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/report-of-investigation-20-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-2015-sept.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-2016-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-march-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-march-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-march-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-march-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-march-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-sept-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-sept-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-sept-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-sept-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-sept-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-sept-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-congress-sept-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/oig/semiannual-report-to-congress-sept-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-april-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-april-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-april-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-april-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-aug-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-aug-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-aug-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-august-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-august-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-dec-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-dec-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-feb-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-feb-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-feb-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-feb-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-jan-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-jan-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-jan-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-jan-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-january-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-july-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-july-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-july-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-july-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-june-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-june-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-june-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-june-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-march-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-march-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-may-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-may-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-may-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-may-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-nov-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-nov-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-nov-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-nov-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-november-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-oct-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-oct-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-oct-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-oct-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-october-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-sept-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-sept-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-sept-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-sept-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-audit-report-september-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-april-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-august-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-december-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-feb-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-july-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-june-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-march-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-may-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-nov-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-november-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-october-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/operating-fund-financial-highlights/operating-fund-financial-highlights-september-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/2018-grant-round-guideline.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/AG20140522Item1b.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/AO2016-0188-R2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/BAB20130516-DerivativesQA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/BagumbayanFAQ.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/CUSO-at-a-glance-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/NCUAStrategicPlan2014-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/NW2010730FamilyConservatorship.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/QA-Corporate-Resolution-Costs-and-Assessments.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/SL-17-02-examiner-guidance-institutions-affected-major-disaster-enclosure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/alternative-data-use-credit-underwriting.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/anti-money-laundering-countering-financing-terrorism-program-proposed-rule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/bam-proposed-rule-bsa-sars.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/bsa-aml-examination-manual-april-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/budget-brief-proposed-2019-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/budget-justification-proposed-2019-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/cdfi-certification-program-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/central-liquidity-facility-interim-final-rule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/charities-nonprofit-organizations.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/comment-letter-2016-oct-metsger-payday-rule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/cre-loan-accommodations-proposed-policy-statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/credit-risk-review-systems-guidance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/exam-flexibility-initiative-report-2016-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/examiner-guidance-covid19-effect.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/ffiec-appendix-e-mobile-booklet.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/final-risk-based-capital-rule-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/final-rule-appraisal-deferments-covid19.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/final-rule-role-supervisory-guidance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/financial-data-transparency-act-standards-proposed-rule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/incentive-based-compensation-arrangements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/independent-atm-owners-operators.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/inspector-general-financial-statement-audit-fy-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-flood-insurance-qa-may-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-flood-insurance-questions-answers.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-guidance-rov-residential-real-estate-valuations.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-guidance-rov-residential-real-estate.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-joint-statement-accounting-standard-financial-instruments-06-17-16.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-statement-appraisal-deferments-covid19.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-statement-bsa-aml-examination-manual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-statement-model-risk-management.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-statement-mortgage-servicing-policy-statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-statement-role-supervisory-guidance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-statement-sharing-bsa-resources.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-statement-small-dollar-lending-covid19.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interagency-statement-tdr-policy-revised.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/interim-final-rule-temporary-regulatory-relief.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/introduction-customers.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/joint-flood-insurance-qa-comment-extension.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/joint-statement-additional-loan-accommodations.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/joint-statement-bsa-innovation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/joint-statement-libor-transition.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/joint-statement-ofac-cyber-related-sanctions-program.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/joint-statement-rfi-ai-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/loan-modifications-reporting-coronavirus-v2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/louisiana-disaster-relief-appraisal-exemption.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/memorandum-understanding-sba.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/nascus-hood-cooperation-document.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/ncua-board-clf-enhancement-letter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/ncua-exim-mou-signature.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/ncua-new-seal.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/news-2017-may-interagency-advisory-availability-appraisers.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/news-2018-march-beverly-bus-garage-cu-frequently-asked-questions.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/notice-charges-kaufman.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/notice-of-charges-moats-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/paca-facts-2018-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/policy-statement-allowances-credit-losses.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/politically-exposed-persons.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/private-flood-submission-federal-register-notice.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/proposed-alternative-capital.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/proposed-rule-bsa-sars.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/quality-control-standards-avm.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/quality-control-standards-avms-final-rule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/rfi-ai-comment-extension.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/rfi-model-risk-management.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/rfi-ncua-communications.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/risk-focused-bsa-aml-supervision.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/rules-practice-procedure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/sending-money-overseas-brochure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/stabilization-fund-audit-2015.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/temporary-exceptions-appraisal-requirements-harvey-irma-maria.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/testimony-oral-chairman-mcwatters-implementation-economic-growth.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/testimony-written-chairman-mcwatters-implementation-economic-growth.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/uniform-interagency-consumer-compliance-rating-system.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/urgent-needs-grant-guideline.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/press-releases-news/wisconsin-member-business-loan-rule-amendment.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/06-Risk-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2010-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2012Q1MapReview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2012Q2MapReview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2012Q3MapReview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2012Q4MapReview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2013-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2014-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2015-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2015-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2016-2017-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2016-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2016-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2017-cudsa-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2017-mdi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2017-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2018-cudsa-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2018-mdi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2018-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2018-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2019-cudsa-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2019-mdi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2019-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2019-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2020-cudsa-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2020-mdi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2020-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2020-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2021-cudsa-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2021-mdi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2021-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2021-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2022-cudsa-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2022-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2022-plain-writing-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/2023-omwi-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/BlkENGinsurlabel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/BlkSPNinsurlabel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/BluENGinsurlabel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/BluSPNinsurlabel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CE%20Guide%20For%20NCUA%20Library.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF-2016-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF-2016-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF-2016-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF-2016-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF-2016-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF-2016-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF-2016-07.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF-2016-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-07.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-09Revised.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-10.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-11.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2010-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-07.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-10.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-11.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2011-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-07.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-10.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-11.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2012-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-07.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-10.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-11.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2013-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-07.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-10.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-11.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2014-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2015-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2015-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2015-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF2015-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF201505.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF201506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF201507.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CLF201508.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CUSO-at-a-glance-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CUnionOfficial.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/CorporateCUMergerManual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/DOE-NCUA-FDICAgreement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EEOComplaintDisclosure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-01-18-impermissible-credit-union-investments.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-01-19-lua-appeal.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-02-18-appeal-procedures.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-02-19-camel-ratings.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-03-18-appeal-procedures.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-03-19-camel-ratings.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-04-18-secondary-capital-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-04-19-secondary-capital-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-08-22-impermissible-credit-union-investments.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/EI-09-22-impermissible-credit-union-investments.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/ExpandAuthGuidelines.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/FOIA-Identity.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/FOIA-PrivacyAct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/FOIA2016CFOReport.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/FOIA2016Report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/FOIA2017Report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/FOIA2018Report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/FederalCorporateCUCharteringManual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/GuidelinesCorporateMergerApplication.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/IndividualApplicationforApproval.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/Management-Advisory-Review-March-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/NCUA-LEP-Plan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/NCUA8507.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/OMWI-MDI-Congressional-Report20131024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/OMWI2011.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/OMWI2012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/OMWI2013.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/OMWI2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/OMWIMDICongressionalReport20141028.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/OMWIMDICongressionalReport20151230.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/Providing-Sensitive-Data-to-NCUA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q1-2013.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q1-2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q1-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q2-2013.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q2-2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q3-2013.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q3-2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q4-2013.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/QuarterlyMapReview-Q4-2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/SARF-748C.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/SRC-01-19-secondary-capital-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/SRC-02-19-secondary-capital-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/SRC-03-19-secondary-capital-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/SRC-04-19-jurisdiction.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/SRC-05-19-secondary-capital-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/SRC-06-19-secondary-capital-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/SupervisoryLetterCapitalPlanning2014-14-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/Truth-In-Mergers.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/WhtENGinsurlabel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/WhtSPNinsurlabel.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2013-NCUA-LeadershipConferenceCost.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2013ETSAnalysis.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2015-ncua-leadership-conf-cost.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2015Budget-in-Brief-Table20141120.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2015BudgetBAM_Attachment.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2015BudgetByOffice.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2015BudgetFAQs.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2015BudgetNarrative.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2015BudgetSlides.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2017-capital-budget-detail.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2017-capital-budget-summary.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/2017-office-budget-summary.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013AssetsFTE.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013BudgetBrief.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013BudgetNarrative.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013DollarChange.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013FICUAssets.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013FICUDeposits.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013OTR_BAM.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013OpBudgetBAM.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013OpFeeBAM.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013OpFeeChange.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013Pay.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013QA.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BUDG2013Slides.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BudgetDetailLineItem201507.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BudgetProcessFactSheet20141120.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BudgetSavingsFactSheet20141205.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/BudgetTransparencyFactSheet.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/CSF_2013_Budget.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/CSF_2015_Budget.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/CentralLiquidityFundLineItem201507.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/ContractingFactSheet20141120.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/GlossaryOfBudgetTerms2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/ITPCFactSheet20141120.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/MidSessionBudgetProcessFactSheet20150723.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/NCUA-2016-mid-session-estimated-budget-savings.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/StabilizationFundLineItem201507.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/budget-brief-narrative-2016-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/budget-brief-table-2016-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/budget-justification-2017-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/budget-presentation-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/connect-peers-infographic.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/cost-savings-fact-sheet-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/eurgubian-limited-waiver.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/line-item-budget-2016-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/line-item-budget-2017-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/mapping-ncua-regulations-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/marcellin-limited-waiver.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/ncua-national-exam-program-training-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/ombudsman-informational-brochure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/about/proposed-line-item-budget-2017-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/agent-lending-process.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/CRC201506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/Chart-Pack-2015-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/Chart-Pack-2015-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/PACA-Facts-2015-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/PACA-Facts-2015-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/PACA-Facts-2015-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2015-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2016-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2016-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2016-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2016-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2017-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2017-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2017-q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2017-q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2018-q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2018-q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2018-q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2018-q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2019-q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2019-q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2019-q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/chart-pack-2019-q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/financial-performance-report-ratios-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/financial-performance-report-ratios-sept-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/financial-performance-report-ratios-sept-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/fpr-quick-tips-september-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/fpr-ratio-formula-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/fpr-user-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/insurance-report-activity-feb-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/insurance-report-activity-jan-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/insurance-report-activity-mar-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/map-review-fourth-quarter-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/map-review-fourth-quarter-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/map-review-third-quarter-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/map-review-third-quarter-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/observations-credit-unions-mortgage-lending-minority-borrowers.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/paca-facts-2016-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/paca-facts-2016-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/paca-facts-2016-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/paca-facts-2016-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/paca-facts-2017-Q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/paca-facts-2017-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/paca-facts-2017-q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/paca-facts-2018-Q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2018-Q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2018-Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2019-Q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2019-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2019-Q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2019-Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2020-Q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2020-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2020-Q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2020-Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2021-Q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2021-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2021-Q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2021-Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2022-Q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2022-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2022-Q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2022-Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2023-Q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2023-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2023-Q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2023-Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2024-Q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-data-summary-2024-Q2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2019-v2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-first-quarter-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-fourth-quarter-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-fourth-quarter-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-fourth-quarter-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-fourth-quarter-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-fourth-quarter-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-fourth-quarter-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-fourth-quarter-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-second-quarter-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-third-quarter-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-third-quarter-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-third-quarter-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-third-quarter-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-third-quarter-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-third-quarter-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/analysis/quarterly-map-review-third-quarter-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/authorization-agreement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2001DeloitteReportonOTRProcess.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2003%20Board%20Briefing%20-%20Detailed%20Explantion%20of%20Methodology.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2003%20Board%20Briefing%20Slides.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2003%20November%2020%20NCUA%20Board%20Meeting%20Transcript.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2003%20Summary%20of%20Pre-Adoption%20OTR%20Stakeholder%20Meeting%20Comments.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2003%20Task%20Force%20Proposal.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2003OTRBAM.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2009%20November%2019%20NCUA%20Board%20Meeting%20Transcript.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2010%20November%2018%20NCUA%20Board%20Meeting%20Transcript.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2010OTRBAM.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2011%20November%2017%20NCUA%20Board%20Meeting%20Transcript.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2011OTRBAM.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2012%20November%2015%20NCUA%20Board%20Meeting%20Transcript.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2013%20November%2021%20NCUA%20Board%20Meeting%20Transcript.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2014%20Budget-in-Brief-Table.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2014%20BudgetSlides.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2014%20NCUA%20Leadership%20Conference%20Cost.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2014%20November%2020%20NCUA%20Board%20Meeting%20Transcript.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2014BudgetNarrative.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2014_Budget_BAM_Attachments.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2016-budget-faq.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2018-2019-budget-proposal-presentation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2018-capital-project-summary.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2018-capital-projects-update.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2018-summary-estimates.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2019-2020-budget-proposal-presentation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2020-2021-budget-proposal-presentation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/2021-2022-budget-proposal-presentation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/AG20140731Item5.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2011_QTR1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2011_QTR2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2011_QTR3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2011_QTR4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2012_QTR1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2012_QTR2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2012_QTR3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2012_QTR4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2013_QTR1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2013_QTR2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2013_QTR3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2013_QTR4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2014_Budget.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2014_QTR1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2014_QTR2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2014_QTR3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/CSF_2014_QTR4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/IntrotoOTRPresentation_10_2014%20Final.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-bam-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-bam-attachment1-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-justification-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-justification-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-justification-proposed-2020-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-justification-proposed-2021-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-justification-proposed-2022-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-justification-proposed-2023-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-justification-proposed-2024-2025.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-justification-proposed-2025-2026.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-line-item-detail-2019-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-line-item-detail-2020-2021-v2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-line-item-detail-2021-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-line-item-detail-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-line-item-detail-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-proposal-presentation-2017-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-proposal-presentation-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/budget-summary-estimates-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/capital-projects-update-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/cdrlf-budget-request-justification-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/cdrlf-budget-request-justification-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/mcwatters-office-budget-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/metsger-office-budget-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/mid-session-budget-briefing-bam-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/mid-session-budget-briefing-bam-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/mid-session-budget-review-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-audit-report-april-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-audit-report-dec-2017.PDF
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-audit-report-feb-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-audit-report-jan-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-audit-report-july-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-audit-report-june-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-audit-report-march-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-audit-report-may-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-april-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-april-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-august-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-august-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-dec-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-dec-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-feb-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-feb-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-jan-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-jan-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-july-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-july-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-june-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-june-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-march-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-march-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-may-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-may-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-nov-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-nov-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-oct-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-oct-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-october-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-sept-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-september-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/operating-fund-financial-highlights-september-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/overhead-transfer-rate-chronology.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/overhead-transfer-rate-summary-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/overhead-transfer-rate-summary-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/overhead-transfer-rate-summary-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/overhead-transfer-rate-summary-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/overhead-transfer-rate-summary-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/statements/cuna-budget-statement-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/statements/gowest-budget-statement-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/statements/nafcu-budget-statement-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/statements/nascus-budget-statement-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/budget/statements/vacul-budget-statement-20231116.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/california-north-island-financial-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/CCR2008Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/CCR2009Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/CCR2010Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/CCR2011Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/CCR2013Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/CommunityCharterApprovalsYTDDec2012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/CommunityCharterApprovals_YTDDec2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/UA2009.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/UA2010.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/UA2011Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/UA2012Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/UA2013Q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/UA201403YTD.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/call-report-instructions-9302017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/community-charter-approvals-2017-year-end.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/community-charter-approvals-dec-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/community-charter-approvals-dec-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/underserved-area-report-2017-year-end.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/underserved-area-report-dec-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/call-report-data/underserved-area-report-dec-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/2015-Federal-Employee-Viewpoint-Survey.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/2016-Employee-Viewpoint-Survey-Results.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/2017-Employee-Viewpoint-Survey-Results.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/2018-Employee-Viewpoint-Survey-Results.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/2019-Employee-Viewpoint-Survey-Results.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/2021-employee-viewpoint-survey-results.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/ncua-contractor-data-form.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/ncua-credit-release-form.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/careers/reasonable-accommodation-policy-procedures.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/catalog-account-code-changes-1252018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cdrlf-congressional-report-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cdrlf-congressional-report-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cdrlf-congressional-report-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cdrlf-congressional-report-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-april-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-april-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-april-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-april-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-april-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-april-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-april-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-aug-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-aug-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-aug-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-aug-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-august-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-august-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-august-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-correspondent-agreement-template.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-correspondent-fact-sheet.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-feb-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-feb-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-feb-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-feb-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-feb-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-feb-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-february-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-jan-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-jan-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-jan-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-jan-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-jan-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-jan-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-july-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-july-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-july-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-july-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-july-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-july-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-july-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-june-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-june-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-june-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-june-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-june-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-june-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-june-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-march-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-march-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-march-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-march-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-march-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-may-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-may-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-may-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-may-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-may-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-may-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-may-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-nov-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-nov-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-nov-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-nov-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-nov-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-nov-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-nov-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-oct-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-oct-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-oct-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-oct-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-oct-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-oct-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-oct-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-report-nov-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-report-oct-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-report-oct-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-report-sept-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-sept-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-sept-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-sept-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-sept-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-sept-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-sept-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-facility-sept-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/central-liquidity-report-nov-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/clf-advance-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/clf-membership-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/central-liquidity-facility/fcu-act-clf.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/chief-foia-officer-report-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/chief-foia-officer-report-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/chief-foia-officer-report-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/chief-foia-officer-report-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/chief-foia-officer-report-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/chief-foia-officer-report-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/chief-foia-officer-report-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/clf-2016-9.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/conservatorships/alm-claim-form.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/conservatorships/proof-claim-form.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-december-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-december-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-december-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-december-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-june-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-june-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-june-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-june-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-march-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-march-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-march-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-september-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-september-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-september-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/corporate-ame-data-september-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cu-guide-supplier-diversity.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/current-5300-form-redline-mapping.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cusos-at-a-glance-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cusos-at-a-glance-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cusos-at-a-glance-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cusos-at-a-glance-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cusos-at-a-glance-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cusos-at-a-glance-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cusos-at-a-glance-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cybersecurity/access-ransomware-readiness-assessment.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cybersecurity/acet-quick-install-guide-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cybersecurity/acet-quick-install-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/cybersecurity/acet-user-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRAD201506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF199912.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200003.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200006.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200009.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200103.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200106.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200109.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200203.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200206.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200209.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200212.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200303.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200306.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200309.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200312.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200403.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200406.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200409.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200412.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200503.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200509.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200512.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200603.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200606.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200609.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200612.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200703.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200706.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200709.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200712.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200803.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200806.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200809.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200812.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200903.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200906.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200909.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF200912.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201003.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201006.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201009.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201103.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201106.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201109.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201112.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201203.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201206.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201209.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201212.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201303.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201306.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201309.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201312.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201403.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201406.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201409.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201412.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201503.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRF201506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRI201506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200609.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200612.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200703.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200706.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200712.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200803.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200806.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200809.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200812.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200903.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200906.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200909.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS200912.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS201003.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS201006.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS201009.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS201012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2011-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS201103.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS201106.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS201109.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2012-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2012-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2012-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2012-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2013-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2013-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2013-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2013-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2014-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2014-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2014-09.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2014-12.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/CRS2015-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/ncua_5300_call_report_account_descriptions_20160930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/ncua_5300_call_report_changes_20160930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/ncua_5300_call_report_form_20160930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/data-apps/ncua_5300_call_report_instructions_20160930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/disability-affirmative-action-plan-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/disability-affirmative-action-plan-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/disability-affirmative-action-plan-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/disability-affirmative-action-plan-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/disability-affirmative-action-plan-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/disability-affirmative-action-plan-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/disability-affirmative-action-plan-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/disability-affirmative-action-plan-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/diversity-policy-statement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/doing-business-with-ncua.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/exam-flexibility-initiative-report-2016-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/examguide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/external-stakeholder-feedback-june-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/external-stakeholder-summary.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/federal-credit-union-eligibility-flow-chart.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/fee-expense-breakdown.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/final-rule-src-appeals-2017-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/foia-annual-report-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/foia-annual-report-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/foia-annual-report-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/foia-annual-report-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/foia-annual-report-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/form-3881-instructions.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/04DEC_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/05DEC_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/05JUN_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/05MAR_FPR_Ratios.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/05SEP_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/06DEC_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/06JUN_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/06MAR_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/06SEP_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/07DEC_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/07JUN_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/07MAR_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/07SEP_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/08DEC_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/08JUN_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/08MAR_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/08SEP_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/09DEC_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/09JUN_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/09MAR_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/09SEP_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/10DEC_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/10JUN_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/10MAR_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/10SEP_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/11DEC_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/11JUN_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/11MAR_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/11SEP_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/12DEC_FPRRatios.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/12JUN_FPRRatios.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/12MAR_FPRRATIOS.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/13JUN_FPRRatios.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/13MAR_FPRRatios.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/13SEPT_FPRRatios.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/30SEPT_FPRRatios.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/ExemptExplanation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/NCUAHowYourAcctInsured(Spanish).pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/NCUAHowYourAcctInsured.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/chapter08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/fraud-discovery-checklist.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/national-supervision-policy-manual.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/guides-manuals/tax-exemption-letter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/how-to-apply-clf-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/inspector-general-system-review-peace-corps-2013-02-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/inspector-general-system-review-report-2010-05-07.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/internal-stakeholder-summary.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/interpretive-rulings-policy-statements/IRPS2006-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/interpretive-rulings-policy-statements/IRPS2008-2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/interpretive-rulings-policy-statements/IRPS2010-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1980-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1980-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1980-08.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1981-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1981-07.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1982-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1983-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1985-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1986-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1987-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1987-2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS1998-2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS2001-2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS2002-3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS2003-3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/irps/IRPS2011-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/legal-recoveries-allocations.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/legal-services-agreement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/management-directive-status-report-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/management-directive-status-report-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/management-directive-status-report-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/management-directive-status-report-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/management-directive-status-report-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/management-directive-status-report-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/management-directive-status-report-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/management-directive-status-report-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/mdi-congressional-report-2022-appendix-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/mdi-congressional-report-2023-appendix-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/ballot-merger-proposal-6306A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/certification-completion-merger-6309.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/certification-merger-related-financial-agreements.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/certification-vote-merger-proposal-6308A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/field-membership-compatibility-matrix.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/merger-agreement-6304.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/merger-package-checklist.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/merger-resolution-continuing-credit-union-6302.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/merger-resolution-merging-credit-union-6303.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/notice-special-meeting-members-proposal-6305A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/merger-resources/probable-asset-share-ration-computation-6311.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/minority-depository-institutions-congressional-report-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/ncua-day-life-credit-union-examiner.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/ncua-report-cybersecurity-act-aug-10-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/ncua_seal_black_print.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/ncua_seal_black_web.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/ncua_seal_blue_print.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/ncua_seal_blue_web.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2016-no-fear-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2017-first-quarter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2017-no-fear-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2017-second-quarter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2018-no-fear-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2019-no-fear-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2020-no-fear-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2021-no-fear-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2022-no-fear-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/2023-no-fear-congressional-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/no-fear-statistics-fy-2017-3q.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/no-fear-statistics-fy-2017-4q.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/no-fear-statistics-fy-2018-1q.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/no-fear-act/no-fear-statistics-fy-2018-2q.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/nol-economic-scenario-background.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/oig-audit-ncua-closing-package-schedule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/oig-evaluation-stabilization-fund-closure-setting-normal-operating-level.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/oig-financial-statement-audits-tccusf-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/oig-system-review-report-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/ombudsman-annual-report-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/org-chart-download.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/pentagon-mcgraw-hill-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/pentagon-progressive-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/policy-statement-allowances-credit-losses-april-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/privacy/certification-identity-consent.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-4501A-profile-form-1252018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-4501A-profile-instructions-1252018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-5300-call-report-form-1252018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-5300-call-report-instructions-1252018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-5300-form-march-2022-cculr.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-5300-form-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-5300-form-redline-mapping-march-2022-cculr.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-5300-form-redline-mapping-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-5300-instructions-march-2022-cculr.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-5300-instructions-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-account-codes-catalog-march-2022-cculr.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/proposed-account-codes-catalog-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regular-member-facility-advances.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-review-report-2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-review-report-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-review-report-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-review-report-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/cybersecurity-credit-union-system-resilience-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/cybersecurity-credit-union-system-resilience-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/cybersecurity-credit-union-system-resilience-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/esm/credit-union-merit-user-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/esm/data-exchange-application-user-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/esm/ncua-connect-admin-portal-user-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/esm/self-guided-admin-portal-training.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/final-risk-based-capital-rule-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/industry-webinar-material.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/simplified-cecl-tool-model-development-documentation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/simplified-cecl-tool-user-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulation-supervision/third-party-vendor-authority.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/14-0425l-capital-planning-stress-testing-guidance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/14-0917L_Principles%20of%20Capital%20Policy%20and%20Capital%20Planning.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/15-1104L_ROP%20Coverletter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/2015%20Capital%20Planning%20Practices%2015-1101F.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/2016-range-of-capital-planning-resources.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/4501A-profile-proposed-changes-2024-q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/4501A-profile-proposed-form-2024-q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/4501A-profile-proposed-instructions-2024-q4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/5300-form-changes-3312017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/IRPS2015-1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/July23OpenBoardMeeting_Transcript_Assessment_Update.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/JulyAssessmentRangePresentation.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/SI-Rpt20150831.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/account-descriptions-dec-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/account-descriptions-june-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/account-descriptions-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/account-descriptions-march-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/account-descriptions-september-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/account-descriptions-september-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/accuracy-advertising-notice-insured-status.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/additional-mla-information-amended-guidance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/affected-accounts-mapping.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-account-descriptions-9302017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-123117.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-3312018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-6302018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-9302017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-dec-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-december-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-december-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-june-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-june-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-june-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-june-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-june-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-march-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-march-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-march-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-march-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-sept-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-september-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-september-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-september-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-september-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-changes-september-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-form-3312017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-form-3312018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-form-6302018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-form-9302017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instruction-dec-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instruction-sept-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-12312017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-3312017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-3312018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-6302018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-dec-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-december-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-december-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-december-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-june-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-june-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-june-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-june-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-june-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-june-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-march-2020-v2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-march-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-march-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-march-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-sept-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-september-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-september-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-september-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-september-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-instructions-september-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-proposed-changes-2025-q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-proposed-form-2025-q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/call-report-proposed-instructions-2025-q1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/capital-planning-guidance-updated-principles-capital-planning-2021-10.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/capital-planning-stress-testing%20Guidance%20DRAFT%20for%20Industry%20Comment%2014-0424.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/capital-planning-supervisory-stress-testing.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/consumer-financial-protection-update-18-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/cooper-opinion-letter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-call-report-changes-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-call-report-form-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-call-report-form-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-call-report-instructions-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-call-report-instructions-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-call-report-instructions-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-call-report-instructions-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-call-report-instructions-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-credit-union-online-faqs.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-credit-union-online-instruction-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-credit-unions-final-nov-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-profile-changes-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-profile-form-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-profile-instructions-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-stabilization-fund-presentation-june-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-stabilization-fund-presentation-june-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-stabilization-fund-presentation-march-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-stabilization-fund-presentation-march-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/corporate-stabilization-fund-presentation-september2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/credit-union-profile-form-4501A-december-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/credit-union-profile-form-instructions-4501A-september-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/credit-union-self-run-stress-test-instructions-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/cu-online-user-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/cuso-webinar-training-feb-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/data-template-overview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/emergency-mergers-chartering-and-fom-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/fair-lending-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/faqs-data-collection-templates-version-3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/final-rule-appeals-procedures-2017-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-dec-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-december-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-june-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-june-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-june-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-june-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-march-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-march-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-march-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-march-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-march-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-march-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-sept-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-september-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-september-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/form-5300-september-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/interim-final-rule-regulatory-capital.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/loans-special-flood-hazards-feb-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/ncua-annual-sst-supplemental-data-request-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/ngn-program-questions-answers-q2-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/ngn-program-questions-answers-q4-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/posted-notice-of-hmda-availability.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/principles-of-capital-policy-and-planning.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/range-capital-planning-practices-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/range-capital-planning-practices-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/range-capital-planning-practices-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/range-capital-planning-practices-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/range-capital-planning-practices-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/range-capital-planning-practices-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/range-capital-planning-practices-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/recent-changes-hmda-july-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/safe-harbor-final-rule.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/regulations/submission-hmda-data-2017-additional-information.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/report-investigation-17-CI-R1-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/report-investigation-17-CI-R1-04.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/report-investigation-17-CI-R5-02.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/report-investigation-17-CO-06.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/report-investigation-18-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports-congress/21st-century-idea-report-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2003.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2004.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2005.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2006.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2007.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2008.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2011.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/APB2013.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/AnnualPerformancePlan2014.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/AnnualPerformancePlan2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/DI2012StratPlan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20110331.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20110630.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20110930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20111231.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20120331.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20120630.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20120930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20121231.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20130331.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20130630.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20130930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20131231.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20140331.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20140630.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20140930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20141231.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/FT20150331.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/NCUA_OP_201305.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/NCUA_OP_201306.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/NCUA_OP_201307.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/NCUA_OP_201308.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/NCUA_OP_201309.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/NCUA_OP_201310.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/NCUA_OP_201311.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/NCUA_OP_201312.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFUND201507.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200801.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200803.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200804.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200806.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200807.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200808.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200809.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200810.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200811.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200812.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200901.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200902.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200903.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200904.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200905.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200906.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200907.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200908.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200909.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200910.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200911.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund200912.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201001.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201002.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201003.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201004.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201005.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201006.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201007.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201008.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201009.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201010.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201011.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201101.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201102.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201103.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201104.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201105.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201106.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201107.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201108.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201109.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201110.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201111.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201112.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201201.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201202.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201203.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201204.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201205.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201206.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201207.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201208.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201209.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201210.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201211.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201212.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201301.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201302.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201303.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201304.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201401.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201402.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201403.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201404.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201405.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201406.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201407.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201408.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201409.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201410.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201411.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201412.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201501.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201502.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201503.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201504.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201505.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/OPFund201508.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/Plan2003-2008.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/Plan2006-2011.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/Plan2011-2014Amend12-11.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/Plan2011-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt201112.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt201212.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20131231.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140131.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140228.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140331.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140430.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140531.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140630.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140731.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140831.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20140930.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20141031.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20141130.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20141231.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20150131.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20150228.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20150331.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20150430.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20150531.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/SI-Rpt20150630.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/reports/diversity-inclusion-strategic-plan-2018-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/2019-grant-awardees-list.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/2019-grant-round-guidelines.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/2020-cdrlf-loan-program.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/FOMIABoardResolution.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4000.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4001.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4008.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4009.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4012.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4015A.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4015EZ.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4221.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4401.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4505.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_4506.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_9500.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_9501.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/NCUA_9600.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/cdfi-certification-program-guide-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/cdfi-certification-program-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/cdrlf-grant-round-application-guidelines-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/cdrlf-grant-round-application-guidelines-2022.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/cdrlf-grant-round-application-guidelines-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/cdrlf-grant-round-application-guidelines-2024.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/cdrlf-mdi-mentoring-grant-application-guidelines-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/cdrlf-pilot-grant-round-application-guidelines-2023.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/grant-loan-program-faq-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/interest-rate-policy-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/mdi-mentoring-grant-application-guidelines-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/mdi-mentoring-pilot-application-guidelines.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/ncua-covid19-emergency-fund-initiative-guidelines-2020.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/oscui-grant-program-award-book-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/sample-loan-agreement.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/sample-membership-survey.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/resources-expansion/sample-promissory-note.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/response-oig-report-investigation-18-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/rfi-summary-report.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/schoolsfirst-schools-financial-application.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/serving-credit-invisibles.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-accounting-equity-distribution-faq.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2015-october.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2017-dec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2017-july.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2017-november.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2017-october.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2017-september.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-april.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-august.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-december.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-feb.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-jan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-july.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-june.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-march.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-may.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-november.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-october.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2018-september.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2019-april.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2019-august.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2019-feb.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2019-jan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2019-july.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2019-june.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2019-march.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2019-may.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2020-april.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2020-august.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2020-feb.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2020-jan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2020-july.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2020-june.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2020-march.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-financial-highlights-2020-may.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2015-dec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2015-nov.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-august.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-december.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-feb.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-july.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-june.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-may.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-november.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-october.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2016-september.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2017-aug.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2017-may.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2019-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2019-sept.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2020-nov.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2020-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2020-sept.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-april.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-august.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-feb.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-jan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-july.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-june.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-march.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-may.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-nov.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2021-sept.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-april.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-august.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-dec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-feb.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-jan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-july.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-june.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-march.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-may.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-nov.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2022-sept.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-april.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-aug.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-dec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-feb.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-jan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-july.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-june.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-march.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-may.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-nov.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-oct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-2023-sept.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-April-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights-June-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-2017-feb.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-2017-jan.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-2017-march.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-2019-dec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-2019-nov.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-2020-dec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-2021-dec.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-april-2017.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-highlights-january-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-fund-methodology-faq.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-highlights-march-2016.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance-report-sept-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance/accounting-equity-distribution-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance/share-insurance-fund-presentation-2016-march.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/share-insurance/sif-equity-distribution-dividend-statement-2018.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/stabilization-closure-presentation-script.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/stakeholder-outreach-summary.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/state-chartered-credit-union-eligibility-flow-chart.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/support-services/financial-education-resource-guide.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/system-review-report-2015.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/publications/urgent-needs-grant-guideline.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/regulatory-alerts/ImpactofBiggertWatersAct.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/regulatory-alerts/RA2001-03.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/regulatory-alerts/RA2006-04Encl1.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/regulatory-alerts/RA2006-04Encl2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/regulatory-alerts/RA2010-03Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/regulatory-alerts/RA2010-08Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/speeches/2011PwCOTRReview.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/speeches/budget-justification-proposed-2018-2019.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/speeches/paca-facts-2017-q3.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/AcctBul13-1_InteragencyGuidance.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/ECIP-Supervisory-Letter-Oct-2021.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/EnclosureSupLetter09-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2008-26Enc-2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2009-19ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2009-23ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2010-01Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2010-02Encl.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2013-02ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2013-05_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2013-12_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2013-15_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2013-3_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LCU2013-7_SupervisoryLetter.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LFCU2006-04ENC.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LTCU2015-03Enclosure2.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/LTCU2016-01.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SL-17-02-examiner-guidance-institutions-affected-major-disaster-enclosure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SL-17-02-examiner-guidance-institutions-affected-major-disaster.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SL-18-01-bank-secrecy-act-questionnaire-enclosure.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SL2014-14-05WhitePaper.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SupervisoryLetter-Liquidity-and-ContingencyFundingPlans.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SupervisoryLetter14-01CFPBAbility-to-Repay.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SupervisoryLetterCapitalPlanning2014-14-05.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SupervisoryLetter_MoneyServices.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/supervisory-letters/SupervisoryLetter_TaxiMedallion.pdf
https://ncua.gov/files/testimonies/DepositInsuranceStudyReporttoCongress-Ver6-4.pdf
https://ncua.gov/foia
https://ncua.gov/foia/about-foia-process
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-20-foi-00051
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-20-foi-00079
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-2020-foia-00014
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-2021-foia-00010
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-2022-foia-00005
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-2022-foia-00008
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-2023-foia-00001
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-2024-foi-119
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-2024-foi-198
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-21-foi-00042
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-21-foi-00090
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-21-foi-00101
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-22-foi-00012
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-23-foi-00100
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-24-foi-00013
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/foia-appeal-response-24-foi-00048
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/response-foia-appeal-0561-2017
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/response-foia-appeal-17-0234
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/response-foia-appeal-17-0247
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/response-foia-appeal-17-0648
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/response-foia-appeal-2019-app-00001
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/response-foia-appeal-2019-app-00002
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/response-foia-appeal-2020-app-00001
https://ncua.gov/foia/appeals/response-foia-appeal-2020-app-00002
https://ncua.gov/foia/corporate-credit-union-foia-requests
https://ncua.gov/foia/credit-union-applications
https://ncua.gov/foia/faqs
https://ncua.gov/foia/fee-schedule
https://ncua.gov/foia/frequently-requested-information/legal-opinion-paul-hastings-llp
https://ncua.gov/foia/library
https://ncua.gov/foia/library/navy-federal-credit-union-field-membership
https://ncua.gov/foia/library/ncua-response-congressman-french-hill-questions-credit-union-bank-transactions
https://ncua.gov/foia/privacy-act
https://ncua.gov/foia/reports
https://ncua.gov/foia/reports/2024-chief-foia-officer-report
https://ncua.gov/foia/request-logs
https://ncua.gov/foia/requester-service-centers
https://ncua.gov/foia/submit-foia-request
https://ncua.gov/news
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-12-2012-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-12-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-15-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-16-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-18-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-18-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-18-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-18-2024-meeting/bam-part-749-records-preservation-program
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-19-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-20-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-20-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-21-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-21-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-21-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-22-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-23-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-24-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-29-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-29-2015-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-30-2015-open-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-april-4-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-aug-3-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-august-2-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-august-27-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-august-29-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-dec-16-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-dec-17-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-11-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-12-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-12-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-13-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-14-2011-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-14-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-14-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-15-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-15-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-15-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-16-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-17-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-17-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-18-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-2-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-6-2012-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-december-8-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-feb-17-2001-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-feb-18-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-14-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-15-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-15-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-15-2024-meeting/bam-irps-mdi-preservation-program
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-16-2012-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-16-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-17-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-18-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-18-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-19-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-20-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-20-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-21-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-23-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-6-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-february-8-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-jan-13-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-jan-27-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-jan-29-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-10-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-14-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-15-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-17-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-18-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-18-2024-meeting/bam-2024-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-19-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-21-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-23-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-23-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-25-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-26-2012-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-26-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-27-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-january-6-2012-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-18-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-18-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-18-2024-meeting/bam-federal-credit-union-loan-interest-rate-ceiling
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-18-2024-meeting/bam-proposed-rule-incentive-compensation-arrangements
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-18-2024-meeting/bam-proposed-rule-succession-planning
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-19-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-20-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-20-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-21-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-21-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-21-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-21-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-22-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-23-2012-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-23-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-24-2012-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-24-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-25-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-29-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-30-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-30-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-july-31-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-10-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-16-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-16-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-17-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-17-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-18-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-19-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-20-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-20-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-21-2012-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-21-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-21-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-22-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-23-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-23-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-24-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-24-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-25-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-29-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-30-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-june-9-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-14-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-14-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-14-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-15-2012-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-15-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-16-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-17-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-17-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-18-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-19-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-19-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-20-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-21-2012-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-24-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-march-27-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-16-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-19-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-19-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-20-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-20-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-21-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-21-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-22-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-22-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-23-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-24-2012-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-24-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-25-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-25-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-26-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-may-4-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-nov-17-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-nov-18-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-1-2013-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-15-2012-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-15-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-16-2011-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-16-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-16-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-17-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-17-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-17-open-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-18-2015-closed-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-18-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-19-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-19-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-20-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-20-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-21-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-21-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-21-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-21-2024-meeting/bam-2025-2026-clf-budget
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-22-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-november-4-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-oct-21-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-15-2015-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-15-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-17-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-18-2012-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-18-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-18-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-19-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-19-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-19-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-20-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-21-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-23-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-24-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-24-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-24-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-27-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-27-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-october-28-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-sept-16-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-sept-24-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-sept-3-2010-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-12-2013-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-15-2016-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-16th-and-17th-meetings
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-17-2020-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-18-2014-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-19-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-19-2024-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-19-2024-meeting/bam-final-rule-fair-hiring-banking
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-19-2024-meeting/bam-final-rule-simplification-share-insurance-rules
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-20-2012-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-20-2018-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-21-2023-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-22-2011-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-22-2022-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-23-2021-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-24-2015-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-24-2019-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-27-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-agenda-september-28-2017-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/board-meetings-agendas-results/board-meeting-agenda-march-18-2010
https://ncua.gov/news/budget-supplementary-materials
https://ncua.gov/news/budget-supplementary-materials/2024-overhead-transfer-rate-summary
https://ncua.gov/news/budget-supplementary-materials/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-budget-request-justification-2025
https://ncua.gov/news/dei-access-summit-2022
https://ncua.gov/news/dei-access-summit-2022/speaker-biographies
https://ncua.gov/news/downloadable-graphics
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-alan-s-kaufman
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-amy-denise-fincher
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-ashley-bagley
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-benjamin-tyler-severson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-bradley-j-hampton
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-caddo-parish-teachers-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-cease-and-desist-order-defense-logistics-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-cease-and-desist-order-phi-beta-sigma-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-christopher-dillon-hughes
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-christy-runyon-harrison-aka-christy-wingate-aka-christy-hyde
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-connie-marie-kent
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-devin-s-williams
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-doretha-denise-steward
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-far-rockaway-postal-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-firefighters-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-galveston-government-employees-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-ginny-hughes
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-ignacio-morales
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-jamelah-y-martinez
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-jasmine-marie-santos
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-jenifer-m-nelson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-jennifer-l-mix
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-joey-e-camp
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-karen-s-buxton
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-kevin-biederman
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-kimberly-michelle-roberts
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-phi-beta-sigma-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-richard-fortney
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-southwest-counties-school-employees-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-teresa-ann-perkins
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2019/administrative-order-matter-tobisha-bullock
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-aisha-shuri-koehler
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-benedict-anthony-iii
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-bethann-kraenzlein
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-brianna-bates-gurley
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-briege-marie-gish
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-brittany-may-aikey
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-brooke-shaeffer
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-casey-lamar-harper
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-elka-arrechavala
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-frances-mccomas
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-grace-garza-aka-grace-valencia
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-janine-wilson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-jennifer-furlong
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-jennifer-n-zanassi
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-josephine-crowe
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-margurite-mary-cofell
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-melissa-m-mosher
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-merrideth-christina-mcmillian
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-nefretiri-novell-mayfield
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-nicole-obermeyer
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-paul-aimone
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-ryan-l-baum
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-samuel-davalos-jr
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-sandra-santay
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-schantol-collins
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-soraya-y-cote
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-stephanie-joyce-benne-beauford
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-susanna-guajardo
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-suzanne-silva
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-tamara-ann-dangelo
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-tanya-greene-smith
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-teresa-boulware-hyler
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2020/administrative-order-matter-vanessa-anderson-hollins
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-angela-domingo
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-audrey-elkins
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-brittany-carney
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-cara-v-ford
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-clarissa-johnson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-cristal-santiago
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-dianne-richardson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-elizabeth-ann-oliver
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-gabriela-bibriesca
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-hector-andres-aleman
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-henry-m-hill
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-joan-p-brown
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-johnnie-earl-harrell-jr
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-jonathan-sanchez-santiago
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-joseph-guagliardo
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-kyle-t-erisman
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-labrandi-nicole-wilson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-linda-albion-galeoto
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-live-life-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-patricia-p-martin
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-ricardo-franco-arceo
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-sheena-nicole-morgan
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-stacey-shaw
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-suzanne-nowicki
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-trevon-gross
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2021/administrative-order-matter-veronica-mauga
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-anne-cruz
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-ashley-n-davis
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-barbara-diane-nelson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-carolin-lopez
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-catalina-noyes
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-diamond-hamilton
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-indira-mohabir
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-inter-american-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-judith-shimanek
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-mark-colley
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-michael-viselli
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-stephanie-simontacchi
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-susan-irene-romero
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-vanessa-fletcher
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2022/administrative-order-matter-yonkers-postal-employees-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-amy-bradley
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-andrea-alice-nedow
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-brooke-lynn-gray
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-gabriel-max-finkelstein
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-jennifer-baker
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-jorge-navarro
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-kaitlin-kastet
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-leah-lehman
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-live-life-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-meaghan-brooks
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-melissa-velazquez
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-nellie-gray
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-rachel-gaudreau
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-randi-marie-fisher
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-robert-p-shorkey
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-ryan-nicole-horne
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-shannon-rider
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-shelton-jordan-sr
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-tara-kewalis
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2023/administrative-order-matter-whitney-phillips
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-arneta-davis
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-autumn-s-smith
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-britnee-maree-starling
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-carlene-bartley
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-daniel-garza
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-diane-stephens
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-eric-stash
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-esther-olson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-gloria-j-hall
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-javier-dejesus-narciso
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-jose-prado-valero
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-kelly-givens
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-laurie-allen
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-luz-araceli-davila-hernandez
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-monica-jackson
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-phillip-brian-topping
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-salusthian-lutamila
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-sarah-c-conley
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-tina-l-torres
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-tracy-h-thibodeau
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/administrative-orders/2024/administrative-order-matter-tracy-mikulencak
https://ncua.gov/news/enforcement-actions/call-report-cycle-late-filers-list
https://ncua.gov/news/events
https://ncua.gov/news/events-calendar/dei-summit-2021
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/appeals-procedures
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/bylaws-bank-conversions-and-mergers-and-voluntary-mergers-federally-insured-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/cdrlf-2017-grant-round
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/comment-period-closes-advance-notice-proposed-rulemaking-aternative-forms-capital
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/corporate-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/diversity-and-self-assessment-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/emergency-mergers-chartering-and-field-membership
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/final-rule-mortgage-servicing-effective
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/first-quarter-call-report-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/grant-underserved-communities-application-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/international-credit-union-day
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/national-consumer-protection-week
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/national-cyber-security-awareness-month
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/national-financial-literacy-month
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/ncua-consulting-assistance-nominations-due-may-31
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/older-americans-month
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting-3
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting-4
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting-6
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/open-board-meeting-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/operating-fee-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/requirements-insurance-national-credit-union-share-insurance-fund-equity-distributions
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/second-cdfi-certification-round-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/second-quarter-call-report-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/submission-2016-home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/supervisory-review-committee-procedures-appealing-material-supervisory-determinations
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/third-cdfi-certification-round-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/third-quarter-call-report-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2017/twitter-chat
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/2018-community-development-grant-round-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/advance-notice-proposed-rulemaking
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/anniversary-federal-credit-union-act
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/bsa-compliance-customer-due-diligence-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/call-reports-september-30-2018-reporting-cycle-are-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/comment-period-proposed-rule-loans-members-and-lines-credit-members-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/comment-period-supplemental-rule-risk-based-capital-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/corporate-call-reports-august-31-2018-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/corporate-call-reports-july-30-2018-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/corporate-call-reports-november-30-2018-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/corporate-call-reports-october-31-2018-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/corporate-call-reports-september-30-2018-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/cuso-registry-reaffirmation-period-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/electronic-loan-deposit-and-investment-data-collection
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/facebook-live-event-protecting-military-consumers-scams
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/final-rule-mortgage-servicing-effective
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/financial-literacy-day-capital-hill
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/financial-regulatory-agencies-diversity-submit
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/first-cdfi-qualification-round-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/first-quarter-call-report-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/fourth-quarter-call-report-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-collectiondue
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/international-credit-union-day
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/national-consumer-protection-week
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/national-cyber-security-awareness-month
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/national-financial-literacy-month
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/ncua-grants-assist-strategic-initiatives-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/ncua-participate-twitter-chat-savings
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/ncuas-office-credit-union-resources-and-expansion-launches
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/older-americans-month
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-3
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-4
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-6
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-8
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/open-board-meeting-9
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/operating-fee-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/proposed-involuntary-liquidation-federal-credit-unions-and-claims-procedures-rule
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/proposed-ncua-suspension-and-debarment-procedures-rule
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/reaffirmation-period-cuso-registry-opens
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/second-quarter-call-report-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/webinar-be-ready-financially-resources-help-individuals-and-families-financial-preparedness
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/were-giving-you-share-insurance-cure-part-one
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2018/were-giving-you-share-insurance-cure-part-two
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/america-saves-and-military-saves-week-begins
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/anniversary-signing-federal-credit-union-act
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/application-period-mdi-mentor-program-grants-opens
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/applications-ncuas-mdi-mentor-program-grants-due-sept-28
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/call-reports-december-31-2018-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/call-reports-june-30-2019-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/call-reports-march-31-2019-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/call-reports-september-30-2019-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/cdrlf-grant-round-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/cdrlf-grant-round-opens
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comment-period-ncuas-proposed-changes-federal-credit-union-bylaws-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comment-period-ncuas-proposed-fidelity-bond-rule-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comments-guidance-regarding-prohibitions-imposed-section-205d-due-sept-27
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comments-ncuas-proposed-2020-2021-budget-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comments-ncuas-proposed-changes-its-field-membership-rule-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comments-ncuas-proposed-compensation-connection-loans-members-and-lines-credit-members-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comments-ncuas-proposed-supervisory-committee-audits-and-verifications-rule-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comments-proposal-allow-federal-credit-unions-accept-public-unit-and-nonmember-deposits-due-july-29
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/comments-two-proposed-interagency-statements-due-dec-16
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/corporate-call-reports-december-31-2018-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/credit-union-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-summit
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/cuso-registry-reaffirmation-period-begins-feb-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/deadline-qualify-streamlined-cdfi-application-nov-30
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/national-consumer-protection-week-begins
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/national-financial-literacy-month-begins
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-3
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-4
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-6
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-8
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/ncua-board-meeting-9
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/public-briefing-ncuas-2020-2021-proposed-budget
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2019/submission-2018-home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-due-march-1-2019
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/2021-2022-draft-staff-budget-public-briefing
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/5300-call-report-and-profile-filing-september-2020
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/applications-covid-19-emergency-response-grants-due-may-22
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ask-regulators-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/back-school-financial-education-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/bank-secrecy-act-review-and-reminders
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/banker-training-2020-updates-ffiec-bsaaml-examination-manual
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/call-reports-december-31-2019-cycle-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/call-reports-second-quarter-2020-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/call-reports-third-quarter-2020-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/comments-ncuas-proposed-corporate-rule-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/comments-ncuas-proposed-rule-ease-transition-cecl-methodology-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/comments-ncuas-request-information-examination-modernization-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/comments-proposed-real-estate-appraisals-rule-due-jan-28
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/consumer-financial-protection-issues-impacting-older-adults
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/financial-readiness-resources-and-information-servicemembers-veterans-and-their-families-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/mdi-mentoring-grant-application-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-and-fdic-host-webinar-consumers-federal-deposit-and-share-insurance
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-10
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-3
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-4
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-6
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-8
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-board-meeting-9
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-chairman-testifies-state-credit-union-system-and-agency-efforts-during-covid-19-house-hearing
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-host-webinar-lending-small-business-exporters-exim-bank
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-hosting-webinar-fair-lending-and-consumer-compliance-updates
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-hosts-july-23-ada-anniversary-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncua-hosts-march-31-webinar-covid-19-response
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/ncuas-response-covid-19-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/pals-and-short-term-lending-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/proposed-rule-comments-combined-transactions-non-credit-unions-credit-union-asset-acquisitions
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/proposed-rule-comments-loans-areas-having-special-flood-hazards-interagency-questions-and-answers
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/proposed-rule-comments-subordinated-debt
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2020/webinar-credit-union-neighborworks-partnerships
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/2021-cdrlf-grant-round-opens
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/2021-consumer-compliance-and-fair-lending-regulatory-update-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/2021-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-summit
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/bank-secrecy-act-update-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/call-report-filing-deadline-december-31-call-report-cycle
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/cdfi-small-dollar-loan-program-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/chairmans-roundtable-mdi-preservation
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comment-period-digital-assets-rfi-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comment-period-ncuas-2022-2023-proposed-budget-closes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comment-period-ncuas-2022-2023-proposed-budget-opens
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comments-due-12-cfr-part-791
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comments-due-12-cfr-parts-700-701-703-704-713-camels-rating-system
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comments-due-loans-areas-having-special-flood-hazards-interagency-questions-and-answers-regarding
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comments-due-part-702-risk-based-net-worth-covid-19-regulatory-relief
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comments-due-part-741
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comments-due-policy-setting-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comments-due-request-information-ncua-communications-and-transparency
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/comments-due-simplification-risk-based-capital-requirements
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/critical-security-controls-and-cyber-hygiene-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/emergency-capital-investment-program-ecip-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/joint-ncua-fdic-financial-education-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-and-fdic-host-financial-education-youth-part-ii-webinar-nov-16
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-automated-cybersecurity-evaluation-toolbox-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-3
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-4
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-6
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-8
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-meeting-9
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-board-scheduled-approve-final-budget
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-chairmans-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-mdi-mentoring-grant-deadline
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncua-public-briefing-2022-2023-proposed-budget
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncuas-modernized-examination-tools-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/ncuas-pathways-safe-and-affordable-account-access-consumers-webinar-corrected
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/overview-emergency-capital-investment-program-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/pandemic-related-credit-risks-credit-unions-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/request-information-and-comment-digital-assets-and-related-technologies
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/supplier-diversity-business-practice-where-do-we-begin-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/tax-time-resources-credit-unions-and-consumers-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/webinar-bias-home-appraisals-and-racial-homeownership-gap
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2021/webinar-fraud-prevention-resources-servicemembers
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/20232024-budget-briefing
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/all-dei-access
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/call-report-due-date
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/call-report-due-date-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/call-report-due-date-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/call-report-due-date-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/capital-adequacy-framework-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/closing-date-comment-period-ncuas-draft-strategic-plan
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/comment-period-proposed-succession-planning-rule-closes-april-4
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/comments-proposed-asset-threshold-determining-appropriate-supervisory-office-rule-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-and-fdic-host-webinar-youth-workforce-practitioners-financial-institutions-april-14
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-3
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-4
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-6
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-8
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-board-meeting-9
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-overdraft-protection-programs-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-webinar-applying-cdrlf-grants-and-loans
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncua-webinar-defending-against-ransomware-attacks
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncuas-bank-secrecy-act-webinar-small-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncuas-call-report-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncuas-how-credit-unions-empower-hispanic-consumers-and-communities-virtual-roundtable
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/ncuas-webinar-interest-rate-risk-supervisory-framework-updates
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/register-now-call-report-changes-webinar-feb-10
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/register-now-interagency-flood-insurance-qas-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/register-now-ncuas-camels-webinar-march-10
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/register-now-second-call-report-changes-webinar-march-8
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/register-now-webinar-climate-related-preparedness
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/simplified-cecl-tool-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/updated-guide-and-chartering-process-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/voluntary-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2022/webinar-protecting-older-americans
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/2023-diversity-equity-inclusion-summit-november-1-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/applications-2023-community-development-revolving-loan-fund-must-be-submitted-june-30
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/call-report-due-date
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/call-report-due-date-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/call-report-due-date-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/call-report-due-date-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/cdrlf-success-stories-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/closing-wealth-gap-conversation-black-wealth-and-increasing-financial-equity-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comment-period-open-simplification-share-insurance-rules-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comment-period-policy-statement-minority-depository-institution-preservation-program-due-aug-28
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comment-quality-control-standards-automated-valuation-models-proposed-rule-due-aug-21
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comment-regarding-national-credit-union-administration-operating-fee-schedule-methodology
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comments-climate-related-financial-risk-request-information-due-june-26
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comments-proposed-profile-changes-due-sept-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comments-proposed-reconsiderations-value-residential-real-estate-valuations-guidance-due-sept-19
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comments-proposed-rule-charitable-donation-accounts-due-july-31
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comments-proposed-rule-chartering-and-field-membership-due-may-30
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/comments-revisions-agency-information-collections-comments-request-proposed-collections-due-nov-13
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/dade-county-federal-credit-union-community-charter-expansion-request
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/discovering-mdis-key-building-strong-and-inclusive-financial-system-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ginnie-mae-101-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/mdi-symposium
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-and-cdfi-hosting-nov-8-webinar-small-dollar-lending-program
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-3
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-4
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-6
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-8
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-board-meeting-9
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-extends-cdrlf-grant-deadline-july-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-hispanic-recruitment-virtual-outreach-event
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-hold-public-budget-briefing-november-16-2-pm-eastern
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-host-aug-2-webinar-new-cyber-incident-reporting-rule
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-host-aug-24-webinar-credit-union-league-partnerships
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-host-share-insurance-webinar-april-13
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-host-webinar-combatting-appraisal-bias-june-21
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-loan-risk-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-webinar-2023-supervisory-priorities
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-webinar-keys-credit-unions-success
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncua-women-recruitment-virtual-outreach-event
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/ncuas-webinar-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/reframe-shame-conversation-about-financial-crimes-against-older-adults-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/register-now-commercial-real-estate-loan-accommodations-and-workout-guidance-webinar-sept-14
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/register-now-ncua-ftc-webinar-protecting-your-credit-and-identity-oct-26
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/register-now-ncuas-consumer-compliance-webinar-sept-27
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/register-now-volunteer-income-tax-assistance-program-webinar-sept-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/registration-open-ncuas-oct-19-serving-hispanic-market-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/resources-lid-mdi-and-small-credit-unions-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/simplified-cecl-tool-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2023/webinar-using-technology-promote-financial-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/2024-cdrlf-grant-round-application-period-ends-july-1
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/2024-diversity-equity-inclusion-summit-july-9-11
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/build-your-career-us
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/call-report-due-date
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/comment-period-open-fair-hiring-banking-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/comments-changes-call-report-due-nov-15
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/comments-ncuas-overhead-transfer-rate-methodology-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/comments-ncuas-revised-succession-planning-rule-due-sept-23
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/comments-proposed-anti-money-laundering-and-countering-financing-terrorism-program-requirements-due
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/comments-proposed-credit-union-profile-changes-due-sept-24
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/comments-regulatory-publication-and-voluntary-review-contemplated-egrpra-due-aug-21
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/financial-technology-and-access-office-hours-august-20-22-and-november-12-14
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-and-cdfi-fund-co-host-feb-29-webinar-certification-application
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting-0
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting-3
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting-5
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting-6
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting-7
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting-8
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-board-meeting-9
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-extends-cdrlf-grant-deadline-july-12
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-hispanic-recruitment-virtual-outreach-event
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-hold-public-budget-briefing-november-22-10-am-eastern
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-host-jan-11-webinar-simplified-cecl-tool
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/ncua-women-recruitment-virtual-outreach-event
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-april-4-liquidity-risk-management-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-may-30-aging-plan-managing-your-money-and-retirement-goals-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-money-moves-build-savings-and-financial-capability-webinar-april-11
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-ncuas-june-18-mdi-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-ncuas-september-26-webinar-credit-union-accounting
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-ncuas-webinar-small-and-mdi-credit-union-support
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-nov-7-ffiec-it-handbook-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-september-30-irs-vita-program-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-sustaining-dei-through-developing-your-dei-strategic-plan-part-2-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/register-now-taking-charge-your-future-financial-planning-webinar-oct-28
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/registration-now-open-jan-3-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/registration-open-august-22-ncua-webinar-expanding-membership
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/registration-open-june-5-what-mdi-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/registration-open-may-2-ncua-webinar-covering-2024-cdrlf-grant-round
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/registration-open-may-22-ncua-federal-funding-resources-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/registration-open-supervisory-priorities-webinar
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2024/voluntary-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment
https://ncua.gov/news/events/2025/grants-15000-available-low-income-credit-unions-hit-hurricanes
https://ncua.gov/news/events/credit-union-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-summit
https://ncua.gov/news/events/dei-summit-2023
https://ncua.gov/news/events/dei-summit-2023/agenda
https://ncua.gov/news/events/dei-summit-2023/speakers
https://ncua.gov/news/events/dei-summit-2024
https://ncua.gov/news/events/dei-summit-2024/agenda
https://ncua.gov/news/events/dei-summit-2024/hotel-travel
https://ncua.gov/news/events/dei-summit-2024/speakers
https://ncua.gov/news/ncua-report
https://ncua.gov/news/press-releases
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/april-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/august-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/february-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/january-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/july-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/june-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/march-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/may-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/october-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/central-liquidity-facility/september-2024-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/climate-financial-risk/estimating-credit-union-exposure-climate-related-physical-risks
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/cybersecurity/cybersecurity-and-credit-union-system-resilience-annual-report-congress-2
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/minority-depository-institutions/2022-mdi-congressional-report
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/minority-depository-institutions/2023-mdi-congressional-report
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/mortgage-lending/credit-union-mortgage-lending-evaluated-through-social-index
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/april-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/august-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/february-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/january-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/july-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/june-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/march-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/may-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/operating-fund/september-2024-operating-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/plain-writing/2023-plain-writing-report
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/plain-writing/2024-plain-writing-report
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/april-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/august-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/february-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/january-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/july-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/june-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/march-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/may-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/revolving-loan-fund/september-2024-revolving-loan-fund
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/april-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/august-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/february-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/january-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/july-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/june-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/march-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/may-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publication-search/share-insurance-fund/september-2024-share-insurance-fund-financial-highlights
https://ncua.gov/news/publications-reports
https://ncua.gov/news/responding-collapse-new-york-city-taxi-medallion-market
https://ncua.gov/news/responding-collapse-new-york-city-taxi-medallion-market/ncuas-efforts-protect-members-and-borrowers
https://ncua.gov/news/responding-collapse-new-york-city-taxi-medallion-market/ncuas-role-liquidating-agent
https://ncua.gov/news/responding-collapse-new-york-city-taxi-medallion-market/press-releases-and-statements
https://ncua.gov/news/responding-collapse-new-york-city-taxi-medallion-market/press-releases-and-statements/frequently-asked-questions-about-taxi-medallion-lending
https://ncua.gov/news/responding-collapse-new-york-city-taxi-medallion-market/press-releases-and-statements/frequently-asked-questions-ncuas-sale-its-taxi-medallion
https://ncua.gov/news/responding-collapse-new-york-city-taxi-medallion-market/timeline-nyc-taxi-medallion-crisis
https://ncua.gov/news/speeches-testimonies
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/2013/autoland-purchased-mission-federal
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/2013/ncua-board-re-schedules-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/event/2014/ncua-board-meeting-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/abcs-loan-participation-due-diligence
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/cdfi-certification-becoming-easier
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/credit-unions-members-and-emv-cards
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/determining-impairment-tdrs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/help-deter-detect-and-report-insider-fraud
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/how-will-your-commercial-loan-underwriting-and-deal-structure-change-new-mbl-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/implementing-few-proven-security-measures-can-deter-most-robbery-attempts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/ncua-board-approves-modernized-member-business-lending-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/ncua-outlines-plans-adding-s-credit-union-camel-ratings
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/planning-and-testing-are-key-being-able-recover-disruption
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/ransomware-serious-and-growing-threat
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/rules-incentive-compensation-and-partial-occupancy-proposed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/understanding-what-records-keep
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2016/what-know-if-your-credit-union-holds-msb-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2017/do-you-need-notify-ncua-regional-director-information-security-incident
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2017/fincen-adds-fifth-bsa-compliance-pillar
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2017/have-questions-about-implementing-new-mbl-rule-these-faqs-can-help
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2017/piloting-more-flexible-exam-process
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2017/protect-your-systems-against-eternalblue-vulnerability
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2017/rise-bitcoin-understanding-ins-and-outs-cryptocurrency
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2017/safety-what-price
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2017/what-look-out-when-managing-indirect-lending-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2018/ddos-attacks-payments-system-are-growing-threat
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2018/frequently-asked-questions-about-impact-s-2155-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2018/how-ncuas-revised-merger-rule-will-impact-mergers-going-forward
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2018/new-tool-will-enhance-ncuas-cybersecurity-assessments-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2018/synthetic-identities-are-one-fastest-growing-forms-identity-theft
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/ncua-report/2018/wire-transfer-scams-involving-real-estate-transactions-are-increasing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-april-29-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-december-16-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-february-18-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-january-29-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-july-29-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-june-17-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-march-18-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-may-20-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-november-18-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-october-21-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/board-action-bulletin-september-16-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-april-23-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-april-29-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-august-3-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-december-17-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-february-18-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-january-29-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-july-21-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-july-29-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-july-30-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-june-17-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-june-24-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-june-30-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-march-18-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-may-20-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-november-17-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-october-21-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-september-16-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-september-24-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/closed-board-meeting-september-3-2010
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2010/convent-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/2011-stabilization-fund-assessment-set-25-bps-future-costs-projected-lower
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/board-action-bulletin-april-21-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/board-action-bulletin-february-17-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/board-action-bulletin-january-13-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/board-action-bulletin-march-17-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-april-15-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-april-21-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-april-4-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-august-29-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-december-14-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-february-17-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-january-13-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-january-27-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-july-21-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-june-23-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-june-9-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-march-17-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-may-19-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-may-4-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-november-16-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/closed-board-meeting-october-27-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/greensburg-community-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/increase-less-half-2011-growth-rate-no-share-insurance-fund-premium-2011
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/land-enchantment-federal-credit-union-closes-members-now-served-guadalupe-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/ncua-board-cuts-red-tape-enhances-access-community-development-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/ncua-board-enhances-timeliness-corporate-credit-union-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/ncua-board-proposes-key-regulatory-modernization-items-comment
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/ncua-eases-burden-credit-unions-seeking-low-income-designation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/ncua-finalizes-voluntary-prepayment-stabilization-fund-assessments-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/ncua-revised-budget-returns-2-million-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/ncua-unveils-proposal-voluntary-prepaid-stabilization-fund-assessments
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/nyc-otb-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2011/texans-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-april-12-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-december-6-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-february-16-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-january-26-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-january-6-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-july-23-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-june-21-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-march-15-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-march-21-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-may-24-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-october-18-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/closed-board-meeting-september-20-2012
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/fewer-losses-insurance-fund-ends-2011-stronger-position
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/july-2012-board-meeting-ncua-sets-2012-stabilization-fund-assessment-95-basis-points
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/may-2012-board-meeting-ncua-board-finalizes-two-regulatory-relief-measures
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/ncua-board-reduces-stabilization-fund-oversight-budget-20-percent
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/ncua-supports-regulatory-relief-loan-modification-proposal
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/november-2012-board-meeting-ncua-projects-strong-share-insurance-stabilization-fund-performance-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/october-2012-board-meeting-ncusif-stronger-position-number-assets-problem-credit-unions-fall
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2012/september-2012-board-meeting-ncua-board-advances-regulatory-relief-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/board-proposes-limited-derivatives-authority-manage-interest-rate-risk
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/charitable-donations-rule-proposed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-december-12-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-february-21-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-february-8-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-july-24-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-june-20-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-march-14-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-may-17-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-november-1-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-october-24-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/closed-board-meeting-september-12-2013
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/loan-participation-rule-provides-flexibility-credit-unions-security-industry
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/ncua-board-anticipates-no-corporate-stabilization-fund-assessment-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/ncua-board-approves-new-charitable-accounts-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/ncua-board-finalizes-liquidity-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/ncua-lifts-small-credit-union-definition-50-million-ease-regulatory-burdens
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/ncua-places-bagumbayan-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/ncua-saves-credit-unions-26-million-mid-year-budget-adjustment
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/ncua-saves-credit-unions-26-million-mid-year-budget-adjustment/pay-comparability
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/ochsner-clinic-federal-credit-union-closes-shares-assumed-asi-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/pef-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/share-insurance-and-stabilization-funds-remain-strong-credit-unions-recover
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/share-insurance-fund-finishes-2012-strong-position
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2013/streamlined-fixed-assets-rule-proposed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/board-plans-eliminate-fixed-asset-cap
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-april-24-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-january-23-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-july-31-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-june-19-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-march-20-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-may-22-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-november-20-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-october-23-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/closed-board-meeting-september-18-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/ibew-local-816-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/ncua-board-advances-greater-protection-and-modern-regulation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/ncua-board-proposes-allowing-credit-unions-securitize-their-own-assets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/ncua-board-reduces-regulatory-burdens-and-stabilization-fund-oversight-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/ncuas-final-rule-stress-testing-enhances-security-credit-union-system
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/ncuas-share-insurance-fund-continues-positive-trends
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/no-share-insurance-fund-premium-2014
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/slowest-ncua-budget-growth-2008
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/stabilization-fund-net-position-improves
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/stabilization-fund-posts-positive-net-position
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2014/stabilization-funds-net-position-improves
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/barclays-agrees-pay-325-million-settle-rmbs-lawsuits
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/best-places-work-report-reflects-ncuas-commitment-employees
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/bethex-federal-credit-union-closes-usalliance-assumes-loans-assets-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/bethex-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/board-approves-expanded-insurance-coverage-escrow-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/cerro-la-cooperativa-de-ahorro-y-credito-federal-bethex-usalliance-adquiere-prestamos-activos-y
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/closed-board-meeting-april-29-2015
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/closed-board-meeting-january-15-2015
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/closed-board-meeting-september-16-2015
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/corporate-stabilization-funds-net-position-stays-black
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/cyber-security-awareness-month-reminds-consumers-credit-unions-threats
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ffiec-releases-statement-cyber-attacks-involving-extortion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ffiec-releases-statement-cyber-attacks-involving-extortion/ffiec-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/fixed-asset-rule-provides-relief-more-3800-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/greater-abyssinia-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/helping-other-people-excel-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/morgan-stanley-agrees-pay-225-million-settle-ncuas-claims
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-board-doubles-small-credit-union-threshold-100-million
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-board-eases-membership-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-board-proposes-100-million-threshold-regulatory-relief
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-credit-unions-can-help-members-affected-california-fires
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-debuts-new-consumer-share-insurance-videos
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-host-panel-discussion-reaching-hispanic-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-issues-prohibition-orders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-issues-prohibition-orders-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-issues-prohibition-orders-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-launches-fraud-prevention-center
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-launches-redesigned-website
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-legal-recoveries-reach-22-billion-wachovia-settlement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-livestream-panel-discussion-reaching-hispanic-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-opens-nominations-first-2016-consulting-round
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-places-helping-other-people-excel-federal-credit-union-conservatorship/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-previews-new-public-website
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-ready-assist-south-carolina-credit-unions-affected-flooding
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-returns-control-aea-federal-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-returns-control-keys-federal-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-risk-based-capital-rule-report-includes-legislative-recommendations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-schedules-closed-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/ncua-seeks-eliminate-fixed-assets-cap
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/new-ncua-consumer-assistance-center-portal-open-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/november-ncua-board-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/proposed-member-business-loan-rule-gives-credit-unions-flexibility-opportunity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/proposed-rule-field-membership-offers-regulatory-relief-growth-opportunities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/revised-risk-based-capital-proposed-rule-reduces-impact-delays-implementation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2015/targeted-risk-based-capital-rule-will-better-protect-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/2017-share-insurance-premium-range-recommendations-set
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/24-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-second-quarter-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/30-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-first-quarter-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/agencies-invite-comment-proposed-rule-prohibit-incentive-based-pay-encourages-inappropriate-risk
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/agencies-issue-exception-real-estate-transactions-appraisal-requirements-transactions-areas-affected
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/agencies-issue-joint-statement-new-accounting-standard-financial-instruments-credit-loss
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/agencies-request-comment-proposed-private-flood-insurance-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/amac-president-barton-retiring
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/call-reporting-made-simpler
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/cdfi-certification-becoming-easier
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/chairman-metsger-initiates-board-briefings-evolving-credit-union-issues
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/clarkston-brandon-merges-michigan-state-university-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/closed-board-meeting-april-21-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/closed-board-meeting-january-21-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/closed-board-meeting-july-21-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/closed-board-meeting-june-16-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/closed-board-meeting-march-24-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/corporate-resolution-costs-ncua-guaranteed-notes-continue-improvement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/cory-methodist-church-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/cory-methodist-church-credit-union-conserved/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/cory-methodist-church-credit-union-merges-eaton-family-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/credit-suisse-will-pay-ncua-503-million
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/credit-union-deposits-surpass-1-trillion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/credit-unions-florida-southeast-should-prepare-hurricane-matthew
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/credit-unions-florida-southeast-should-prepare-tropical-storm-hermine
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/credit-unions-must-prep-new-cyber-risks
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ctk-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/diversity-good-investment-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/do-you-understand-new-protections-service-members-and-their-families
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/education-associations-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/extended-exam-cycle-could-begin-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/face-appointed-ffiec-state-liaison-committee
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/federal-trade-commission-joins-ncua-april-27-fraud-prevention-twitter-chat
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ffiec-announces-availability-2015-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ffiec-issues-frequently-asked-questions-guide-cybersecurity-assessment-tool
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ffiec-issues-statement-safeguarding-cybersecurity-interbank-messaging-and-payment-networks
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ffiec-issues-uniform-interagency-consumer-compliance-rating-system
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/financial-regulators-release-new-appendix-retail-payment-systems-booklet-appendix-e-mobile-financial
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/financial-regulators-release-revised-information-security-booklet
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/first-african-baptist-church-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/flickr-account-offers-look-inside-ncua
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/follow-ncuas-twitter-chat-financial-tips
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/implementing-few-proven-security-measures-can-deter-most-robbery-attempts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/insured-shares-and-deposits-exceed-1-trillion-third-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/january-2016-ncua-board-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/januarys-ncua-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/june-2016-ncua-board-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/lawson-elected-state-liaison-committee-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/lay-named-business-innovation-director
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/march-2016-ncua-board-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/may-2016-ncua-board-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/mcwatters-details-plan-achieve-essential-and-achievable-regulatory-relief
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/metsger-asks-cfpb-exempt-payday-alternative-loans-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/metsger-cdfi-certification-can-help-credit-unions-better-serve-members-communities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/metsger-highlights-access-proposing-rebrand-consumer-protection-office
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/metsger-highlights-fsocs-continued-support-ncua-vendor-authority
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/metsger-ncua-will-host-budget-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/metsger-outlines-important-and-achievable-goals-ncua-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/metsger-we-want-hear-credit-unions-examinations-and-supervision
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/mildred-mitchell-bateman-hospital-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/modern-field-membership-rule-improves-access-affordable-credit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/modern-field-membership-rule-improves-consumer-access-affordable-credit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/modernized-occupancy-rule-provides-regulatory-relief
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/montauk-credit-union-merges-bethpage-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-appointed-conservator-valley-state-credit-union/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-awards-25-million-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-board-approves-2017-2018-budget-exam-flexibility-initiative-recommendations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-board-chairman-metsger-names-radway-chief-staff
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-board-modernizes-member-business-lending-rule-provide-flexibility
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-board-provides-credit-unions-more-flexibility-bank-note-investments
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-board-removes-calendar-year-exam-requirement-adopts-new-strategic-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-board-revises-2016-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-board-sets-2017-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-board-welcomes-herrera-nomination
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-closes-six-philadelphia-area-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-combined-federal-campaign-pledges-exceed-101000
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-community-development-grant-applicants-have-seven-days-left-file
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-consumer-assistance-center-portal-adds-flexibility-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-credit-unions-have-flexibility-assist-louisiana-flood-victims
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-divulga-un-video-junto-con-un-folleto-sobre-transferencias-de-remesas
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-encourages-comments-exam-supervision-changes-aug-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-examiners-keep-pace-change
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-extends-call-report-deadlines-july-october-reporting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-ftc-focus-july-27-ncuachat-military-consumer-issues
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-honored-providing-opportunities-hispanic-students
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-host-april-27-twitter-chat
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-insures-jafari-no-interest-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-invites-comments-methodologies-overhead-transfer-rate-operating-fee
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-cease-and-desist-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-3
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-6
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-7
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-8
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-issues-prohibition-orders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-launches-new-examiners-guide
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-legal-recoveries-exceed-4-billion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-legal-recoveries-will-top-3-billion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-loans-and-deposits-grow-all-states-2015
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-marks-fifteenth-anniversary-911-attacks
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-marks-international-credit-union-day
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-monitoring-credit-unions-flooded-areas-louisiana
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-monitoring-credit-unions-flooded-areas-missouri-mississippi
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-monitoring-credit-unions-flooded-areas-west-virginia
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-observes-veterans-day
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-offers-older-americans-valuable-consumer-financial-help-online
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-opening-2-million-grant-round-june-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-performs-well-best-best-workplace-ratings
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-posts-detailed-information-securities-litigation-and-recoveries
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-reaches-record-score-overall-employee-satisfaction
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-releases-video-brochure-remittance-transfers
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-reminds-credit-union-members-about-benefits-earned-income-tax-credit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-reminds-grant-applicants-dont-wait-file
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-rolls-out-new-interactive-tool-america-and-military-saves-week
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-seeking-stakeholder-input-modernizing-its-data-collections
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-selects-freed-region-v-director
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-selects-two-regional-executives
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-sets-2017-call-report-deadlines
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-sets-budget-briefing-oct-27
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-stepping-cybersecurity-efforts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-total-loans-outstanding-credit-unions-top-800-billion-second-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncua-warns-text-phishing-scam
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncuas-employee-satisfaction-rating-improves-best-places-work-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncuas-feds-feed-families-contributions-will-provide-57308-meals
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ncuas-komyathy-honored-cfc-hero
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/new-incident-management-system-will-improve-ncuas-disaster-response
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/new-ncua-guidebook-has-advice-credit-unions-digital-services-contracts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/new-ncua-hires-are-more-diverse
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/nomura-agrees-more-3-million-settlement-ncua-securities-claims
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/october-2016-ncua-board-meeting-and-budget-briefing-videos-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ransomware-serious-and-growing-threat
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/reminder-cuso-registration-ends-march-31
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/rules-partial-occupancy-and-incentive-compensation-proposed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/search-feature-added-cuso-registry
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/stabilization-fund-earns-clean-2015-audit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/stabilization-fund-pay-treasury-700-million
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/state-credit-union-data-show-growth-lending-assets-shares-and-deposits
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/state-credit-union-data-show-growth-loans-assets-and-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/texans-credit-union-reports-strong-financial-performance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/third-quarter-state-credit-union-data-show-overall-growth-trends-continuing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/treasury-ncua-partner-increase-opportunities-low-income-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/ubs-will-pay-ncua-698-million
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2016/veterans-health-administration-credit-union-closes-public-service-credit-union-assumes-assets-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/12-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-first-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/26-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-third-quarter-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/agencies-issue-temporary-exceptions-appraisal-requirements-areas-affected-severe-storms-and-flooding
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/april-18-twitter-chat-will-focus-personal-finances
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/april-2017-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/banking-agencies-issue-joint-report-congress-under-economic-growth-and-regulatory-paperwork
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/board-extends-18-percent-interest-rate-cap
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/board-proposes-closing-stabilization-fund-and-providing-distribution-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/board-re-schedules-july-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/board-re-schedules-june-meetings
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/board-re-schedules-september-meetings
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/board-seeks-comments-proposed-changes-otr-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/briefing-covers-proposed-2018-2019-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/budget-briefing-video-available-online
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/cdfi-certification-provides-pathways-better-serving-members-communities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/cdfi-fund-awards-395-million-56-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/chairman-mcwatters-asks-director-cordray-exempt-largest-credit-unions-cfpbs-examination-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/citizens-community-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/citizens-community-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-april-12-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-april-12-2017-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-december-14-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-july-19-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-june-21-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-may-25-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-november-16-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-october-19-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/closed-board-meeting-september-27-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/community-united-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/community-united-federal-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/corporate-system-resolution-costs-show-continued-improvement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/credit-union-growth-trends-continue-second-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/credit-unions-texas-gulf-coast-should-prepare-hurricane-harvey
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/cuso-registry-reaffirmation-period-begins-feb-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/december-2016-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/december-2017-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/executive-order-establishes-new-agency-seal
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/fcamec-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ffiec-announces-availability-2016-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/financial-institution-regulatory-agencies-issue-advisory-appraiser-availability
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/first-cdfi-certification-round-now-open
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/five-credit-unions-certified-community-development-financial-institutions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/foster-chosen-public-and-congressional-affairs-director
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/fourth-quarter-2016-state-credit-union-data-show-growth-trends-continuing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/gulf-winds-federal-credit-union-assumes-fcamecs-members-and-deposits
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/international-credit-union-day-reminder-financial-literacy-important
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/january-2017-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/july-2017-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/lomto-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/lomto-federal-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/march-open-board-meeting-cancelled
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/mcwatters-named-acting-ncua-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/mcwatters-named-ncua-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/mcwatters-outlines-plan-thoughtful-loosening-regulation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/mcwatters-regulatory-flexibility-would-help-credit-unions-offer-better-service
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/melrose-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/melrose-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/metsger-we-will-carefully-weigh-all-points-view-stabilization-fund
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-accepting-community-development-grant-applications-beginning-july-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-awards-536000-grants-help-credit-unions-reach-underserved-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-awards-more-18-million-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-be-sure-your-cyber-defenses-are-ready
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-board-approves-2018-2019-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-board-re-schedules-september-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-board-sets-2018-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-charters-civic-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-charters-clean-energy-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-charters-community-hope-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-conserves-louisville-metro-police-officers-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-conserves-louisville-metro-police-officers-credit-union/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-consulting-assistance-nominations-due-may-31
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-consulting-will-help-153-small-credit-unions-improve-services
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-earned-income-tax-credit-benefit-refunds-could-take-longer
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-grants-firefighters-first-federal-charter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-has-disaster-resources-areas-affected-hurricane-irma
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-2016-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-3
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-4
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-5
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-6
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-7
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-8
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-issues-second-quarter-newsletter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-legal-recoveries-reach-51-billion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-marks-veterans-day-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-monitoring-wildfires-california-stands-ready-assist
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-names-mary-anne-bradfield-director-public-and-congressional-affairs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-offers-online-resources-saving
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-plans-restructuring-improve-efficiency-meet-future-challenges
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-posts-2018-2019-budget-proposal
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-providing-disaster-relief-areas-affected-hurricane-harvey
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-q4-2016-credit-union-system-financial-performance-data-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-releases-q1-2017-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-releases-q2-2017-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-releases-q3-2017-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-seeks-comments-alternative-capital
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-seeks-comments-sweeping-regulatory-reform-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-warning-credit-unions-hurricane-marias-approach
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-warns-credit-unions-path-hurricane-irma-prepare
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-warns-fake-check-scams
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncua-working-monitor-and-assist-credit-unions-areas-hit-hurricane-maria
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncuas-final-cdfi-qualification-round-runs-aug-7-sept-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncuas-four-permanent-funds-earn-clean-audit-opinions-2016
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/ncuas-komyathy-again-named-cfc-hero
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/new-york-state-employees-closes-palisades-assumes-members-shares-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/november-2017-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/october-2017-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/quarterly-newsletter-moves-online-only
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/riverdale-credit-union-closes-jefferson-financial-assumes-members-shares-and-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/riverdale-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/riverdale-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/share-insurance-stabilization-funds-solid
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/shreveport-closes-red-river-employees-assumes-members-most-shares-and-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/shreveport-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/shreveport-federal-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/stabilization-fund-close-oct-1-credit-unions-could-expect-distribution-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/stabilization-fund-earns-clean-2016-audit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/state-credit-union-data-show-growth-trends-continuing-first-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/state-credit-union-data-show-loan-growth-rate-assets-shares-growth-slower-third-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/valley-state-continues-financial-services-while-addressing-challenges
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2017/valley-state-credit-union-closes-elga-assumes-loans-assets-and-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/736-million-share-insurance-distribution-payments-occur-week-july-23
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/agencies-issue-statement-reaffirming-role-supervisory-guidance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/april-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/august-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/beverly-bus-garage-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/board-approves-changes-member-business-lending-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/board-proposes-second-payday-alternative-loan-option-seeks-comment-third
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/closed-board-meeting-april-19-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/closed-board-meeting-august-2-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/closed-board-meeting-february-15-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/closed-board-meeting-january-25-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/closed-board-meeting-march-14-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/closed-board-meeting-may-24-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/closed-board-meeting-october-18-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/closed-board-meeting-september-20-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/community-development-grant-round-opens-july-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/february-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/federal-agencies-issue-joint-statement-banks-and-credit-unions-sharing-resources-improve-efficiency
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ffiec-announces-availability-2017-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ffiec-issues-joint-statement-cyber-insurance-and-its-potential-role-risk-management-programs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ffiec-issues-new-customer-due-diligence-and-beneficial-ownership-examination-procedures
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ffiec-provides-update-examination-modernization-project
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/field-membership-rule-changes-provide-more-flexibility-and-consumer-choice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/first-cdfi-qualification-round-opens-march-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/first-jersey-credit-union-closes-usalliance-assumes-shares-and-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ftc-ncua-facebook-event-will-discuss-guarding-against-popular-financial-scams
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/greater-christ-baptist-church-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/january-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/june-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/las-cooperativas-de-ahorro-y-credito-de-bajos-ingresos-en-florida-puerto-rico-texas-y-las-islas
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/las-cooperativas-de-ahorro-y-credito-de-bajos-ingresos-en-florida-puerto-rico-texas-y-las-islas-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/lomto-federal-credit-union-closes-teachers-federal-credit-union-assumes-members-most-shares-and-some
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/louisville-metro-police-officers-credit-union-closes-commonwealth-credit-union-assumes-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/low-income-credit-unions-florida-puerto-rico-texas-and-virgin-islands-have-opportunity-obtain-cdfi
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/march-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/may-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/mcwatters-bipartisanship-producing-results
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/mcwatters-come-now-and-let-us-reason-together
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/mcwatters-congress-should-improve-credit-union-consumer-access-cybersecurity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/mcwatters-financial-literacy-key-protecting-service-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/mcwatters-minority-credit-unions-play-critical-role-reaching-underserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/melrose-credit-union-closes-teachers-federal-credit-union-assumes-members-shares-and-some-loans-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/metsger-ncua-gets-job-done
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-awards-2-million-grants-203-low-income-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-board-adds-closed-meeting-agenda
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-board-approves-736-million-share-insurance-distribution-q3-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-board-chairman-mcwatters-congratulates-rodney-hood-board-nomination
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-board-re-schedules-december-open-meeting-posts-september-meeting-video
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-board-re-schedules-march-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-board-seeks-comments-possible-credit-union-bylaws-changes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-chairman-mcwatters-statement-congratulating-sarah-vega
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-charters-everest-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-files-notice-charges-against-former-melrose-ceo
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-first-quarter-newsletter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-3
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-4
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-5
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-6
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-second-quarter-newsletter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-issues-third-quarter-newsletter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-marks-national-financial-capability-month
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-offers-information-assistance-credit-unions-path-hurricane-florence
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-offers-information-assistance-credit-unions-path-hurricane-michael
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-posts-2019-2020-proposed-budget-sets-oct-17-public-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-q2-2018-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-releases-2017-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-releases-new-savings-infographic-america-and-military-saves-week
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-releases-q1-2018-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-releases-q2-2018-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-remain-open-credit-union-members-shares-insured-while-federal-government-closed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-seeks-comments-proposed-call-report-modernization
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-selects-biliouris-director-consumer-financial-protection
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-selects-brooks-human-resources-director
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-selects-foster-chief-information-officer
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-selects-kjelgaard-region-v-associate-regional-director-programs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-urgent-needs-grants-available-after-hurricane-florence
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncua-wants-expand-payday-lending-alternatives-credit-unions-consumers
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncuas-cdfi-streamlined-application-period-opens-june-4
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ncuas-four-permanent-funds-receive-clean-audit-opinions-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/nine-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-fourth-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/proposed-risk-based-capital-rule-adds-one-year-delay-exempts-more-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/proposed-rule-would-change-appraisal-requirement-threshold-exempt-some-transactions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/radio-television-and-communication-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/risk-based-capital-rule-become-effective-2020-asset-threshold-raised
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/st-elizabeths-credit-union-closes-northstar-credit-union-assumes-most-shares-and-purchases-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/state-credit-union-data-show-loan-growth-continues-fourth-quarter-2017
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/state-credit-union-data-show-positive-trends-continue-q1-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/stress-testing-rule-reduces-burdens-allows-credit-unions-conduct-tests
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ten-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-first-quarter-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ukrainian-future-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2018/ukrainian-future-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2019/closed-board-meeting-april-18-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2019/closed-board-meeting-february-14-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2019/closed-board-meeting-july-18-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2019/closed-board-meeting-march-14-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2019/closed-board-meeting-march-27-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2019/closed-board-meeting-october-24-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2019/closed-board-meeting-september-24-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2020/closed-board-meeting-february-20-2020
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2020/closed-board-meeting-february-6-2020
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2020/closed-board-meeting-january-23-2020
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2020/closed-board-meeting-march-19-2020
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/news/2020/harper-hails-change-support-troops
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/other/2018/joint-statement-cyber-insurance-and-its-potential-role-risk-management-programs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/other/2020/joint-fact-sheet-bank-secrecy-act-due-diligence-requirements-charities-and-non-profit-organizations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/clearstar-financial-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/community-one-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/comunidades-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/eastern-financial-florida-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/ensign-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/fairfield-county-ohio-federal-employees-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/first-delta-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/free-choice-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/heritagewest-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/high-desert-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/kaiser-lakeside-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/members-own-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/new-hope-community-development-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/rouge-employees-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/second-baptist-church-cu-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/watts-united-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2009/west-texas-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/beehive-cu-closed-members-now-served-security-service-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/certified-federal-credit-union-closes-members-now-served-vons-employees-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/constitution-corporate-fcu-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/family-first-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/first-american-credit-union-closes-members-now-served-first-community-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/friendship-community-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/industries-puerto-rico-federal-credit-union-closes-members-now-served-borinquen-community-federal
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/kappa-alpha-psi-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/kern-central-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/lawrence-county-school-employees-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/mutual-diversified-employees-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/ncua-charters-additional-bridge-corporate-fcus
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/ncua-charters-bridge-corporate-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/norbel-credit-union-closes-members-now-served-security-service-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/orange-county-employees-credit-union-closes-members-now-served-sabine-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/phil-pet-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/southwest-community-federal-credit-union-closes-chartway-federal-credit-union-purchases-and-assumes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/st-paul-croatian-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/st-pauls-croatian-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/tracy-federal-credit-union-closes-members-now-served-valley-first-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/tracy-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2010/union-cu-closes-members-now-served-numerica-credit-union-spokane
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/aea-federal-credit-union-reports-second-consecutive-quarterly-profit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/bct-federal-credit-union-purchased-visions-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/birmingham-financial-federal-credit-union-purchased-eco-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/borinquen-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/family-first-fcu-closes-members-now-served-security-service-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/hmong-american-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/hmong-american-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/hmong-american-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship/hmong-american-faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/mission-san-francisco-fcu-closes-members-now-served-self-help-fcu
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/ncua-issues-prohibition-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/ncua-places-bct-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/ncua-places-birmingham-financial-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/ncua-places-borinquen-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/ncua-places-chetco-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/ncua-places-our-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/oakland-municipal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/our-federal-credit-union-purchased-northwest-community-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/saguache-county-credit-union-placed-under-ncuas-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/st-james-ame-federal-credit-union-purchased-north-jersey-fcu
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/utah-central-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/valued-members-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/valued-members-federal-credit-union-placed-conservatorship/valued-members-faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/valued-members-federal-credit-union-purchased-magnolia-fcu
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/vensure-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2011/wisconsin-heights-cu-closed-members-now-served-covantage-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/border-lodge-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/chetco-cierra-operaciones-sus-activos-y-depositos-absorbidos-por-rogue-y-coast-central
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/chetco-close-assets-and-shares-absorbed-rogue-and-coast-central
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/eastern-new-york-federal-credit-union-purchased-usalliance-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/el-pasos-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/gic-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/la-cooperativa-de-ahorro-y-credito-aventa-compra-las-cuentas-de-los-socios-de-la-cooperativa-de
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/la-cooperativa-de-ahorro-y-credito-el-pasos-cierra
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/la-cooperativa-de-ahorro-y-credito-trinity-fue-colocada-bajo-sindicatura-por-la-administracion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/la-cooperativa-de-ahorro-y-credito-trinity-fue-fusionada-con-la-cooperativa-de-ahorro-y-credito
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/m-community-credit-union-placed-under-ncua-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/m-community-credit-union-purchased-trustone-financial-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/ncua-bars-former-dc-fcu-board-member
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/olean-tile-employees-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/people-people-cdcu-purchased-trumark-financial-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/saguache-county-member-accounts-purchased-aventa-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/shepherds-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/telesis-community-credit-union-purchased-premier-america-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/telesis-community-credit-union-under-ncua-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/trinity-credit-union-merged-power-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/trinity-credit-union-placed-under-ncua-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/united-catholic-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/us-central-bridge-closed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/wausau-postal-employees-credit-union-purchased-covantage-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/western-bridge-corporate-closes-doors
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2012/womens-southwest-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/craftsman-credit-union-closes-shares-assumed-security-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/electrical-workers-527-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/first-kingdom-community-closes-shares-assumed-riverdale-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ice-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/kinecta-absorbs-ice-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/lynrocten-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncp-community-development-closes-shares-assumed-chartway
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-open-board-meeting-agenda-revised
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-places-first-kingdom-community-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-places-first-kingdom-community-federal-credit-union-conservatorship/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-places-mayfair-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-places-mayfair-federal-credit-union-conservatorship/mayfair-faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-places-ncp-community-development-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-places-ncp-community-development-federal-credit-union-conservatorship/ncpcommunity-faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-places-pef-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ncua-returns-control-arrowhead-central-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/new-covenant-missionary-baptist-church-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/ohios-polish-combatants-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/pepsi-cola-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2013/shiloh-alexandria-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/62-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/bagumbayan-credit-union-closes-shares-assumed-great-lakes-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/board-designates-metsger-vice-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/county-municipal-employees-closes-shares-assumed-navy-army-community
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/health-one-closes-new-england-federal-assumes-shares-assets-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/health-one-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/health-one-credit-union-conserved/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/life-line-credit-union-inc-closes-shares-assumed-virginia-credit-union-inc
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/louden-depot-community-credit-union-closes-shares-assumed-community-1st
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/mayfair-federal-credit-union-closes-shares-assumed-freedom-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/metropolitan-church-god-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/ncua-donates-92950-pounds-feds-feed-families
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/parsons-pittsburg-credit-union-closes-shares-assumed-golden-plains
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/parsons-pittsburg-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/parsons-pittsburg-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/regulatory-modernization-initiative-results
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/regulatory-modernization-initiative-results/regulatory-modernization-initiative-results
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/republic-hose-employees-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2014/st-francis-campus-credit-union-closes-shares-assumed-central-minnesota-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/14-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-second-quarter-2015
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/american-bakery-workers-federal-credit-union-closes-trumark-financial-assumes-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/cooperativa-de-ahorro-y-credito-federal-bethex-en-sindicatura
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/decembers-ncua-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/federal-financial-institutions-examination-council-announces-availability-2014-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/first-hawaiian-homes-closes-molokai-community-assuming-assets-and-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/metsger-looking-forward-forum-dialogue
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/montauk-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/montauk-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/montgomery-county-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/montgomery-county-credit-union-conserved/montgomery-county-faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-and-ftc-team-consumer-ncuachat-cyber-security
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-awards-record-2-million-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-board-adds-item-dec-17-closed-meeting-agenda
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-board-reschedules-closed-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-charters-redeemer-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-issues-prohibition-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-issues-prohibition-orders-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-state-data-show-median-loan-growth-4-percent-year-ending-june-30
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-taps-monaco-chief-economist
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/ncua-warns-consumers-about-telephone-scam-seeking-personal-information
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/new-bethel-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/new-bethel-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/new-bethel-federal-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/new-ncua-consumer-assistance-center-technology-improves-complaint-resolution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/new-online-search-tool-makes-finding-credit-union-information-easier
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/north-dade-community-development-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/scicap-credit-union-closes-community-1st-assumes-shares-purchases-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/swc-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2015/tlc-federal-credit-union-closes-fibre-assumes-members-and-assets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/22-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-third-quarter-2015
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/clarkston-brandon-community-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/clarkston-brandon-community-credit-union-conserved/clarkston-brandon-community-credit-union-faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/cybersecurity-interbank-messaging-and-wholesale-payment-networks
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/ffiec-seeks-comments-proposed-revisions-uniform-interagency-consumer-compliance-rating-system
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/gonzales-appointed-ffiec-state-liaison-committee
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/internet-archive-federal-credit-union-pays-ncua-insured-members-shares-full
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/mcwatters-named-ncua-liaison-defense-credit-union-council
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/metsger-will-launch-thoughtful-thorough-review-examination-process
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/montauk-credit-union-addressing-challenges
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/montgomery-county-credit-union-merges-bridge-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/ncua-agrees-29-million-offer-judgment-credit-suisse
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/ncua-returns-control-texans-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2016/ncuas-four-permanent-funds-earn-clean-audit-opinions-2015
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/agencies-issue-joint-statement-encourage-innovative-approaches-bsaaml-compliance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/board-approves-2019-2020-budgets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/board-lowers-share-insurance-fund-normal-operating-level-138-percent
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ffiec-emphasizes-risk-focused-supervision-second-update-examination-modernization-project
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ffiec-promote-awareness-potential-libor-changes-december-6-webinar-will-discuss-market-developments
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ffiec-releases-statement-ofac-cyber-related-sanctions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-board-sets-2019-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-issues-fourth-quarter-newsletter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-observes-veterans-day-2018
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-q3-2018-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-releases-q3-2018-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-remain-open-credit-union-members-shares-insured-while-federal-government-closed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-selects-leventis-chief-economist
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ncua-state-regulators-launching-alternating-examination-pilot-program-jan-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/november-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/october-2018-ncua-budget-briefing-and-board-meeting-videos-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/six-credit-union-failures-through-sept-30
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2018/ukrainian-future-credit-union-merges-selfreliance-ukrainian-american-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/appraisal-rule-will-help-boost-economic-activity-job-creation-communities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/board-approves-2020-2021-budgets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/board-approves-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/board-approves-second-chance-policy-changes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/board-approves-share-insurance-equity-distribution-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/board-proposes-delaying-risk-based-capital-rule-until-2022
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/board-re-schedules-may-meetings
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/board-seeks-comments-compensation-related-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/c-b-s-employees-federal-credit-union-closes-university-assumes-shares-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/catherine-galicia-named-senior-policy-counsel-ncua-board-member-harper
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/cdrlf-grant-round-opens-june-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/cfpb-director-kraninger-becomes-ffiec-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/chairman-hood-appoints-gisele-roget-evann-berry-senior-roles
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/chairman-hood-cfpb-final-hmda-rule-positive-news-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/chairman-hood-ncua-will-take-phased-approach-implement-fom-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/community-service-and-savings-initiative-marks-federal-credit-union-act-anniversary
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/cure-expanding-resources-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/december-2018-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/february-2019-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/federal-bank-regulatory-agencies-and-fincen-improve-transparency-risk-focused-bsaaml-supervision
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/federal-financial-regulatory-agencies-seek-comment-proposed-interagency-policy-statement-allowances
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/federal-regulators-issue-joint-statement-use-alternative-data-credit-underwriting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ffiec-announces-availability-2018-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ffiec-encourages-standardized-approach-assessing-cybersecurity-preparedness
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ffiec-members-adopt-policy-statement-report-examination
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/final-opportunity-qualify-streamlined-cdfi-application-2019-ends-oct-5
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/financial-regulators-revise-business-continuity-management-booklet-stress-examiners-value-resilience
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/financial-services-industry-prime-target-cyberattacks
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/harper-calls-dedicated-consumer-compliance-exams-large-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/harper-learn-past-focus-future
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/harper-sworn-ncua-board-member
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/helping-people-guides-ncua-chairmans-work
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/intake-period-qualify-streamlined-cdfi-application-runs-jan-13-feb-9
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/its-story-about-expanding-opportunity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/january-2019-ncua-board-meeting-video-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/kressman-named-acting-general-counsel-mckenna-retires
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/laying-strong-foundation-future
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/mid-east-tennessee-community-conservatorship-faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/mid-east-tennessee-community-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/municipal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/municipal-credit-union-faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-advisory-sept-19-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-awards-19-million-grants-155-low-income-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-awards-three-mdi-credit-unions-74875-mentoring-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-board-chairman-mcwatters-congratulates-todd-harper-board-nomination
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-board-sets-2020-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-boards-partnership-transformed-regulatory-structure
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-credit-unions-can-lead-during-time-seismic-change
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-defense-credit-unions-positioned-lead-way-financial-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-hood-appoints-davis-cybersecurity-advisor
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-hood-appoints-lenwood-brooks-assistant-chairman-and-director-external-affairs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-hood-appoints-lenwood-brooks-chief-staff
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-hood-appoints-michael-sinacore-deputy-director-external-affairs-and-communications
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-hood-promoting-savings-education-central-credit-union-mission
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-hood-statement-appeals-court-decision-regarding-field-membership-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-chairman-international-credit-union-day-celebrates-people-helping-people-around-world
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-charters-maine-harvest-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-charters-otoe-missouria-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-cybersecurity-awareness-month-reminder-about-staying-safe-online
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-diversity-self-assessment-offers-many-benefits-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-extends-deadline-qualify-streamlined-cdfi-application-nov-30
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-hosting-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-summit-nov-6
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-3
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-and-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-and-orders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-and-orders-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-and-orders-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-and-orders-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-issues-prohibition-order-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-launches-new-digital-tool-help-chartering-process
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-marks-national-financial-capability-month
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-observes-veterans-day-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-offering-grants-mentor-minority-depository-institutions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-offers-older-americans-valuable-information-managing-protecting-money
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-posts-2020-2021-proposed-budget-sets-nov-20-public-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-q1-2019-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-q2-2019-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-q3-2019-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-q4-2018-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-releases-2018-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-releases-interim-guidance-serving-hemp-businesses
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-releases-q1-2019-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-releases-q2-2019-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-releases-q3-2019-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-releases-q4-2018-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-review-finds-no-bank-secrecy-act-data-breach
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-urges-credit-unions-prepare-tropical-storm-barry
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncua-urges-credit-unions-prepare-tropical-storm-dorian
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuas-four-funds-receive-clean-2018-audit-opinions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuas-harper-when-differences-end-understanding-begins
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuas-hood-credit-unions-core-value-guides-ncuas-decisions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuas-hood-federal-state-chartering-and-supervision-system-working-well
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuas-hood-fresh-thinking-can-help-credit-unions-support-small-business-communities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuas-hood-values-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-are-credit-unions-genetic-code
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuas-hood-working-together-success
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuas-redesigned-websites-offer-users-easier-access-more-information
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/ncuasba-partnership-will-help-credit-unions-support-small-businesses
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/new-ncua-video-helps-explain-home-buying-process
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/new-rule-covers-private-flood-insurance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/new-year-new-look-ncua-regions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/payday-alternative-loan-rule-will-create-more-alternatives-borrowers
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/president-trump-designates-rodney-e-hood-chairman-ncua-board
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/register-now-june-18-flood-insurance-webinar
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/registration-open-april-11-cecl-webinar
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/registration-open-cure-initiatives-webinar
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/regulators-encourage-institutions-work-borrowers-affected-government-shutdown
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/response-office-inspector-generals-report-investigation-18-01
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/senate-confirms-hood-and-harper-ncua-board
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/share-insurance-dividend-payments-occur-week-may-20
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/share-insurance-fund-closed-2018-2265-million-net-income-net-position-157-billion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/supervisory-committee-audit-rule-changes-proposed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2019/williams-chosen-confidential-assistant-ncua-chairman-hood
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-encourage-financial-institutions-meet-financial-needs-customers-and-members-affected
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-extend-comment-period-proposed-revisions-interagency-questions-and-answers-regarding-flood
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-issue-revised-interagency-statement-loan-modifications-financial-institutions-working
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-issue-statement-bank-secrecy-act-due-diligence-requirements-customers-who-may-be-considered-peps
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-issue-statement-bank-secrecy-act-due-diligence-requirements-customers-who-may-be-considered-peps/joint-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-propose-regulation-role-supervisory-guidance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-provide-additional-information-encourage-financial-institutions-work-borrowers-affected
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-release-fact-sheet-clarify-bank-secrecy-act-due-diligence-requirements-banks-and-credit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/agencies-release-proposed-revisions-interagency-questions-and-answers-regarding-flood-insurance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/board-approves-2021-2022-budgets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/board-approves-changes-real-estate-appraisals-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/board-approves-field-membership-rule-changes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/board-approves-final-subordinated-debt-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/board-approves-proposed-rule-allow-exemptions-sar-requirements
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/board-approves-proposed-rule-capitalization-interest-repurposing-unspent-travel-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/board-proposes-changes-derivatives-rule-approves-final-corporate-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/board-proposes-rules-subordinated-debt-combination-transactions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/cayse-named-western-region-associate-regional-director-operations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/chairman-hood-congratulates-hauptman-senate-confirmation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/chairman-hood-congratulates-jones-selection-2020-fellow-national-academy-public-administration
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/chairman-hood-covid-19-relief-extension-will-support-credit-unions-assist-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/chairman-hood-covid-19-shows-need-greater-financial-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/chairman-hood-reinforces-commitment-financial-inclusion-launches-access-initiative
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/chairman-hoods-statement-departure-j-mark-mcwatters-ncua-board
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/chairman-hoods-statement-recent-inspector-general-investigation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/chairmans-statement-international-day-persons-disabilities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/clf-borrowing-capacity-exceeds-25-billion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/covid-19-urgent-need-grants-fully-utilized
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/cybersecurity-awareness-month-reminds-consumers-credit-unions-potential-threats
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/december-ncua-board-meeting-extended-two-days
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/deposits-are-safe-federally-insured-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/elizabeth-fischmann-named-ncua-chief-ethics-counsel
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/fazio-named-new-executive-director-others-named-key-positions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-agencies-encourage-banks-savings-associations-and-credit-unions-offer-responsible-small
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-agencies-share-principles-offering-responsible-small-dollar-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-agencies-share-principles-offering-responsible-small-dollar-loans/interagency-lending-principles-offering-responsible-small-dollar-loans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-and-state-agencies-encourage-mortgage-servicers-work-struggling-homeowners-affected-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-and-state-regulators-release-updates-bsaaml-examination-manual
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-and-state-regulatory-agencies-issue-examiner-guidance-assessing-safety-and-soundness
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-banking-agencies-defer-appraisals-and-evaluations-real-estate-transactions-affected-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-banking-agencies-issue-joint-statement-enforcement-bank-secrecy-actanti-money-laundering
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-banking-agencies-issue-joint-statement-enforcement-bank-secrecy-actanti-money-laundering/bsa-enforcement-policy
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-financial-institutions-examination-council-issues-statement-additional-loan-accommodations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/federal-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-policy-statement-allowances-credit-losses
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ffiec-announces-availability-2019-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ffiec-announces-federal-disclosure-computational-tools
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ffiec-highlights-pandemic-preparedness-guidance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ffiec-issues-statement-risk-management-cloud-computing-services
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ffiec-issues-statement-risk-management-cloud-computing-services/security-cloud-computing-environment
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/financial-regulators-highlight-coordination-and-collaboration-efforts-address-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/financial-regulators-issue-statement-managing-libor-transition
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/financial-regulators-statement-financial-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/hauptman-sworn-ncua-board-member
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/hood-appoints-harper-neighborworks-america-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/hood-discusses-state-credit-unions-calls-greater-diversity-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ibew-local-union-712-closes-west-penn-pp-assumes-loans-assets-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/mcwatters-discusses-taxi-medallion-sale-regulation-mergers-and-liquidity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/mdi-credit-unions-play-critical-role-fostering-financial-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/mortgage-study-shows-credit-union-members-pay-lower-interest-rates
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/municipal-credit-union-names-kyle-markland-ceo
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/myra-toeppe-named-director-office-examination-and-insurance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-announces-annual-meeting-flexibility
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-awards-mentoring-grants-three-mdi-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-announces-2021-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-approves-changes-capital-business-lending-regulations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-approves-changes-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-approves-changes-prompt-corrective-action-requirements
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-approves-proposed-interagency-rule-supervisory-guidance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-approves-regulatory-relief-measures-response-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-designates-hauptman-vice-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-meet-oct-28-reschedules-december-meetings
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-board-reschedules-july-meetings
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hood-commends-comptroller-otting-his-service-occ
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hood-congratulates-kyle-s-hauptman-board-nomination
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hood-coronavirus-aid-relief-and-economic-security-act-will-provide-needed-relief
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hood-discusses-efforts-support-credit-unions-during-covid-19-senate-hearing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hood-paycheck-protection-program-and-health-care-enhancement-act-will-support-local
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hood-responds-current-events-surrounding-george-floyd
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hoods-statement-andrew-olmems-departure-nec
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hoods-statement-bimal-patels-departure-treasury-department
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-hoods-statement-jay-claytons-departure-sec
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-rodney-e-hood-statement-supreme-courts-decision-field-membership-lawsuit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-rodney-e-hoods-memorial-day-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-chairman-testifies-state-credit-union-system-and-agency-efforts-during-covid-19-house-hearing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-changes-low-income-designation-include-military-personnel-calculation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-charters-growing-oaks-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-completes-taxi-medallion-loan-sale
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-delay-start-phased-resumption-onsite-operations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-enhances-fraud-hotline-allows-tips-be-submitted-electronically
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-establishes-new-office-ethics-counsel
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-extends-mdi-mentoring-grants-application-deadline-july-31
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-grants-loans-available-low-income-credit-unions-covid-19-response
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-host-bank-secrecy-act-webinar
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-host-webinar-lending-small-business-exporters-exim-bank
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-hosting-webinar-fair-lending-and-consumer-compliance-updates
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-hosting-webinar-payday-alternative-loans-and-short-term-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-hosts-financial-inclusion-webinar
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-hosts-july-23-ada-anniversary-webinar
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-hosts-march-31-webinar-covid-19-response
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-increases-funding-covid-19-emergency-response-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice-3
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice-and-orders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-and-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-and-orders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-notices-and-orders-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-prohibition-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-two-prohibition-notices-november
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-issues-two-prohibition-orders-december
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-launches-culture-diversity-and-inclusion-council
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-marks-national-financial-capability-month-military-saves-month
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-mentoring-grants-available-help-mdis
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-monitoring-wildfires-western-states
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-observes-50th-anniversary-independent-regulator
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-offers-information-assistance-credit-unions-affected-puerto-rico-earthquakes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-posts-2021-2022-draft-staff-budget-sets-dec-2-public-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-provides-37-million-grants-and-loans-help-credit-unions-meet-covid-19-needs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-q1-2020-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-q2-2020-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-releases-2019-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-releases-demand-webinar-enhanced-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-releases-q1-2020-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-releases-q2-2020-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-releases-q3-2020-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-releases-q3-2020-state-credit-union-data-report-strong-asset-and-share-and-deposit-growth-among
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-releases-q4-2019-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-second-streamlined-cdfi-round-now-open
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-selects-schied-its-new-chief-financial-officer
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-urgent-needs-grants-available-help-credit-unions-affected-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-warns-credit-unions-path-hurricane-laura-prepare
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-warns-credit-unions-path-tropical-storm-sally-prepare
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncua-webinars-training-courses-help-credit-unions-succeed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuaexim-bank-partnership-will-help-credit-unions-support-small-businesses
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-2020-supervisory-priorities-include-bsa-compliance-consumer-protection-cybersecurity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-four-funds-receive-clean-2019-audit-opinions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-harper-credit-unions-are-strong-covid-19-presents-challenges
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-harper-discusses-consumer-protection-inclusion-and-being-prepared
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-harper-joining-clf-will-bolster-systems-access-liquidity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-harper-take-action-advance-economic-equality-and-justice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-hood-calls-cecl-exemption
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-hood-discusses-taxi-medallion-sale-financial-inclusion-and-guidance-review
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-hood-encourages-greater-financial-inclusion-service-members-veterans
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-hood-juneteenth-compels-us-advance-goal-financial-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-hood-leads-discussion-minority-depository-institution-preservation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-hood-we-must-make-sustained-commitment-financial-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/ncuas-hood-writes-fcc-regarding-third-party-petition-automated-calls
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/owen-cole-associate-director-policy-and-markets-announces-retirement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/register-now-back-school-financial-education-webinar-aug-27
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/register-now-ncuas-human-trafficking-webinar-jan-7
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/register-now-oct-21-webinar-minority-depository-institutions-and-financial-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/register-now-webinar-ncuas-response-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/registration-now-open-webinar-consumer-financial-protection-servicemembers
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/sarah-canepa-bang-appointed-senior-advisor-vice-chairman-hauptman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/six-credit-unions-agree-late-filing-penalties-second-quarter-2019
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/southern-pine-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/southern-pine-credit-union-conserved/southern-pine-credit-union-conservatorship-frequently-asked-questions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/statement-passing-roger-jepsen-former-chairman-ncua
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2020/streamlined-cdfi-application-round-opens-march-29
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/2021-cdrlf-grant-round-opens-may-3
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/agencies-extend-comment-period-request-information-artificial-intelligence
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/agencies-issue-statement-and-request-information-bank-secrecy-actanti-money-laundering-compliance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/agencies-release-proposed-new-interagency-questions-and-answers-regarding-private-flood-insurance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/agencies-seek-wide-range-views-financial-institutions-use-artificial-intelligence
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/board-approves-2022-2023-budget-sets-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/board-approves-joint-ownership-share-accounts-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/board-approves-proposals-risk-based-capital-camel-system-and-cuso-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/c-o-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/c-o-federal-credit-union-closes/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/c-o-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/c-o-federal-credit-union-conserved/c-o-federal-credit-union-conservatorship-frequently-asked-questions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/capitalization-interest-rule-assist-financially-distressed-borrowers
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/chairman-harper-appoints-hood-neighborworks-america-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/chairman-harper-focus-diversity-equity-inclusion-and-social-justice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/chairman-hoods-statement-deputy-chief-staff-gisele-roget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/credit-unions-net-income-insured-shares-and-deposits-rise-second-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/credit-unions-see-continued-share-and-deposit-growth-third-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/defense-logistics-closes-penfed-assumes-loans-assets-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/defense-logistics-closes-penfed-assumes-loans-assets-shares/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/edinburg-teachers-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/edinburg-teachers-credit-union-conserved/edinburg-teachers-credit-union-conservatorship-faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/federal-and-state-regulators-release-updates-bsaaml-examination-manual
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/federal-and-state-regulators-release-updates-bsaaml-examination-manual-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/federal-and-state-regulators-release-updates-bsaaml-examination-manual-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/federal-financial-regulators-hold-webinar-emergency-capital-investment-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ffiec-announces-availability-2020-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ffiec-issues-guidance-authentication-and-access-financial-institution-services-and-systems
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/financial-regulators-update-examiner-guidance-financial-institutions-information-technology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/fite-elected-state-liaison-committee-chairman-reappointed-ffiec-state-liaison-committee
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/harper-discusses-economic-outlook-urges-credit-unions-against-garnishing-stimulus-payments
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/harper-named-ncua-board-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/harper-names-catherine-galicia-chief-staff
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/hauptman-hood-congratulate-harper-being-named-ncua-board-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/hauptman-named-ncua-liaison-dcuc-and-nascus
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/indianapolis-newspaper-federal-credit-union-closes-most-shares-assumed-elements-financial
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/indianapolis-newspaper-federal-credit-union-closes-most-shares-assumed-elements-financial/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/indianapolis-newspaper-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/indianapolis-newspaper-federal-credit-union-conserved/indianapolis-newspaper-federal-credit-union-conservatorship-faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/kelly-lay-named-director-office-examination-and-insurance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/lowden-named-deputy-chief-financial-officer
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/march-24-ncua-webinar-will-cover-credit-risk-issues-related-covid-19-pandemic
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/marshall-appointed-ffiec-state-liaison-committee-allard-and-pleger-re-appointed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/minority-depository-institution-credit-unions-see-year-growth
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-and-cfpb-sign-memorandum-understanding
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-awards-100000-minority-depository-institutions-mentoring-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-awards-grants-assist-low-income-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-announces-2022-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-approves-covid-19-regulatory-relief-extension
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-approves-derivatives-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-approves-draft-strategic-plan-final-rule-shared-services-facilities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-approves-final-rule-role-supervisory-guidance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-approves-final-rules-cusos-and-camels-rating-system-briefed-cybersecurity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-briefed-emerging-cybersecurity-threats-pca-relief-measures
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-calls-congress-make-clf-enhancements-permanent
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-extends-comment-period-proposed-cuso-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-proposes-complex-credit-union-leverage-ratio
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-board-renews-prompt-corrective-action-relief
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-cdfi-fund-cohost-webinar-small-dollar-loan-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-cdrlf-funds-have-positive-impact-communities-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-chairman-hood-statement-regarding-capitol-riots
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-chairman-hoods-statement-former-acting-comptroller-currency-brian-brooks
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-charters-capital-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-charters-community-first-fund-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-charters-maun-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-charters-unity-eatonville-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-distribute-8655-million-under-corporate-system-resolution-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-federal-banking-agencies-fincen-issue-faqs-sar-and-other-aml-requirements
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-federal-banking-agencies-fincen-issue-faqs-sar-and-other-aml-requirements/answers-faqs-regarding-suspicious-activity-reporting-and-other-anti-money
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-host-2021-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-summit-credit-union-system-stakeholders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-hosting-feb-3-webinar-treasurys-emergency-capital-investment-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-guidance-announces-upcoming-ecip-action
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-notice-and-orders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-order-and-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-orders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-orders-and-notices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-prohibition-orders-and-notices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-two-prohibition-notices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-issues-two-prohibition-orders
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-marks-national-financial-capability-month
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-mdi-mentoring-grant-round-reopens-oct-11
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-monitoring-hurricane-ida-encourages-credit-unions-prepare
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-names-frank-kressman-general-counsel-melane-conyers-ausbrooks-board-secretary
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-places-empire-financial-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-places-empire-financial-federal-credit-union-conservatorship/empire-financial-federal-credit-union-conservatorship-faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-places-pomona-postal-federal-credit-union-conservatorship
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-places-pomona-postal-federal-credit-union-conservatorship/pomona-postal-federal-credit-union-conservatorship-faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-posts-2022-2023-proposed-budget-sets-dec-8-public-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-q2-2021-state-credit-union-data-report-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-ranks-top-ten-midsize-agencies-federal-best-places-work
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-releases-2020-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-releases-office-minority-and-women-inclusion-annual-report-congress
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-releases-q1-2021-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-releases-q3-2021-state-level-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-releases-q4-2020-credit-union-system-performance-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-releases-q4-2020-state-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncua-will-open-streamlined-cdfi-application-round-jan-24
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncuas-accomplishments-marked-regulatory-relief-financial-inclusion-response-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/ncuas-four-funds-receive-clean-2020-audit-opinions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/polanco-named-ncua-director-office-minority-and-women-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/portsmouth-schools-federal-credit-union-closes-bayport-credit-union-assumes-loans-assets-and-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/portsmouth-schools-federal-credit-union-closes-bayport-credit-union-assumes-loans-assets-and-shares/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/register-now-ncua-chairmans-webinar-feb-11
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/register-now-ncuas-modernized-examination-tools-webinar-sept-8
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/registration-now-open-april-14-webinar-bsaaml-compliance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/registration-now-open-ncua-cisa-cybersecurity-webinar
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/registration-now-open-webinar-earned-income-tax-credit-and-volunteer-income-tax-assistance-programs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/request-information-communication-methods-approved-board
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/rising-net-income-elevated-insured-share-growth-reported-first-quarter-2021
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/samuel-schumach-named-deputy-director-external-affairs-and-communications
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/share-insurance-fund-reports-198-billion-assets-net-income-463-million-q2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/streamlined-cdfi-application-qualifying-round-opens-sept-12
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/todd-m-harper-named-ffiec-chairman
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2021/us-central-members-united-southwest-corporate-capital-holders-receive-distribution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/agencies-invite-comment-proposed-commercial-real-estate-loan-workouts-and-accommodations-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/agencies-release-revised-interagency-questions-and-answers-regarding-flood-insurance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/amber-gravius-named-director-office-business-innovation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/anthony-cappetta-appointed-president-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/board-approves-ncua-2023-2024-budget-issues-proposed-rule-financial-innovation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/chairman-harpers-statement-vendor-authority-during-todays-fsoc-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/community-development-revolving-loan-fund-grant-round-opens-may-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/continued-growth-lending-assets-insured-shares-reported-third-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/control-municipal-credit-union-returned-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/corporate-system-resolution-enters-final-phase
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/credit-union-assets-shares-and-deposits-grow-fourth-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/credit-union-lending-assets-insured-shares-and-deposits-continue-growth
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/empire-financial-federal-credit-union-closes-jovia-federal-credit-union-assumes-loans-assets-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/empire-financial-federal-credit-union-closes-jovia-federal-credit-union-assumes-loans-assets-and/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/enhanced-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment-improves-use-experience
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/eurgubian-named-director-external-affairs-and-communications-and-policy-advisor
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/federal-financial-institutions-examination-council-issues-statement-principles-examination
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ffiec-announces-availability-2021-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/growth-lending-assets-insured-shares-reported-first-quarter-2022
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/harper-urges-credit-unions-embrace-fair-lending-and-diversity-equity-and-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/mingo-county-education-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/mingo-county-education-federal-credit-union-closes/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/mingo-county-education-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/mingo-county-education-federal-credit-union-conserved/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/minority-depository-institution-credit-unions-continue-serve-members-and-communities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-announces-2023-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-approves-proposed-rule-recognize-electronic-pleadings-and-communications
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-approves-proposed-rule-succession-planning
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-approves-risk-appetite-statement-briefed-central-liquidity-facility-and-cybersecurity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-briefed-cybersecurity-threats-and-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-briefed-post-examination-survey-project
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-briefed-share-insurance-fund-first-quarter-2022
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-issues-proposed-rule-cyber-incident-reporting-requirements
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-proposes-increasing-threshold-ones-supervision
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-board-proposes-rule-member-expulsion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-chairman-harper-testifies-state-credit-union-industry-senate-hearing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-charters-morning-star-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-charters-new-york-episcopal-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-charters-people-trust-community-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-charters-wedevelopment-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-distribute-395-million-under-corporate-system-resolution-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-distribute-569-million-under-corporate-system-resolution-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-extends-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment-deadline-jan-31
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-grants-will-allow-low-income-credit-unions-expand-service-build-capacity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-cease-and-desist-order-november-2022
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-enforcement-orders-june-2022
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-prohibition-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-prohibition-order-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-prohibition-order-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-prohibition-order-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-prohibition-order-3
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-two-prohibition-orders-one-notice-april-2022
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-issues-two-prohibition-orders-one-notice-may-2022
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-posts-2023-2024-proposed-budget-sets-october-19-public-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-re-establishes-amac-independent-office
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-releases-2021-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-releases-2021-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment-results
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-releases-omwi-annual-report-congress
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-releases-q1-2022-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-releases-q2-2022-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-releases-q3-2022-state-level-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-releases-q4-2021-state-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-releases-simplified-cecl-tool-small-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-returns-control-southern-pine-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-statement-committee-passage-vendor-authority-and-underserved-areas-bills
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-transfers-publications-ordering-government-publishing-office
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-hosts-blockchain-helping-main-street-panel-dei-access-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncuas-funds-receive-clean-audit-opinions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncuas-harper-hauptman-and-hood-commend-chairman-mcwilliams-her-service-fdic
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncuas-hood-addressing-inequality-urgent-priority
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/ncuas-new-guide-simplifies-clarifies-federal-credit-union-charter-application-process
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/paducah-teachers-federal-credit-union-closes-c-plant-federal-credit-union-assumes-most-shares
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/paducah-teachers-federal-credit-union-closes-c-plant-federal-credit-union-assumes-most-shares/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/pomona-postal-federal-credit-union-merges-credit-union-southern-california
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/registration-open-ncuas-bank-secrecy-act-webinar-small-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/registration-opens-ncua-dei-and-access-summit-nov-2-4
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/richmond-city-employees-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/richmond-city-employees-federal-credit-union-conserved/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/senate-confirms-harper-full-term-ncua-board
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/share-insurance-fund-reports-strong-performance-third-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/statement-chairman-harper-cdrlf-funding-clf-and-vendor-authority
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/statement-passing-csbs-president-and-ceo-john-ryan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/toalston-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/toalston-federal-credit-union-closes/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/toalston-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2022/toalston-federal-credit-union-conserved/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/acting-comptroller-currency-michael-j-hsu-named-ffiec-chair
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/agencies-finalize-policy-statement-commercial-real-estate-loan-accommodations-and-workouts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/agencies-propose-interagency-guidance-reconsiderations-value-residential-real-estate-valuations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/agencies-request-comment-quality-control-standards-automated-valuation-models-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/agencies-update-guidance-liquidity-risks-and-contingency-planning
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/agencies-update-guidance-liquidity-risks-and-contingency-planning/addendum-interagency-policy-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/board-approves-ncua-2024-2025-and-central-liquidity-facility-budgets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/board-determines-amendment-wisconsin-member-business-loan-rule-permissible
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/board-extends-loan-interest-rate-ceiling-approves-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/board-issues-proposals-fair-hiring-banking-simplification-share-insurance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/chairman-harper-congratulates-otsuka-senate-confirmation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/chairman-harper-emphasizes-allyship-achieve-dei-goals
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/charles-vice-named-director-financial-technology-and-access
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/control-edinburg-teachers-credit-union-returned-members
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/cory-phariss-named-new-amac-president
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/credit-union-assets-lending-and-delinquencies-rise-2nd-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/credit-union-assets-shares-and-deposits-grow-fourth-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/credit-union-lending-assets-insured-shares-continue-grow
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ffiec-announces-availability-2022-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/inter-american-federal-credit-union-closes
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/inter-american-federal-credit-union-closes/liquidation-notice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/lending-assets-insured-shares-and-delinquencies-rise-third-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/mdi-credit-unions-strong-performance-benefits-members-and-communities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-awards-31-million-through-expanded-cdrlf-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-awards-400000-cdrlf-pilot-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-announces-2024-meeting-schedule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-approves-charitable-donation-accounts-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-approves-final-member-expulsion-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-approves-final-rule-cyber-incident-reporting-requirements
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-approves-final-rule-financial-innovation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-approves-final-subordinated-debt-rule-support-ecip-participation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-approves-proposal-include-veterans-organizations-charitable-donation-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-approves-proposal-mdi-preservation-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-approves-request-information-climate-financial-risk
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-member-hood-hosts-capital-markets-symposium-april-11-nyse
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-board-member-hoods-statement-senior-advisor-brooks-distinguished-service
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-chairman-harper-welcomes-otsuka-nomination
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-charters-generations-united-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-charters-members-only-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-charters-young-community-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-cossec-partnership-will-strengthen-supervision-cooperativas
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-designates-june-mdi-awareness-month
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-distribute-178-million-under-corporate-system-resolution-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-distribute-76-million-under-corporate-system-resolution-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-files-suit-against-former-edinburg-teachers-ceo
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-monitoring-and-assisting-credit-unions-affected-wildfires-maui
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-opening-2023-cdrlf-grant-round-may-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-posts-2024-2025-proposed-budget-sets-november-16-public-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-one-individual-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-one-individual-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-one-individual-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-one-individual-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-three-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-three-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-three-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-two-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-two-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-prohibits-two-individuals-terminates-cease-and-desist-order
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-reinstates-civil-money-penalties-late-call-report-filing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-releases-2022-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-releases-annual-cybersecurity-credit-union-system-resilience-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-releases-q1-2023-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-releases-q2-2023-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-releases-q3-2023-state-level-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-releases-q4-2022-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-rescinds-most-covid-19-guidance-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-research-examines-credit-union-exposure-climate-related-physical-risks
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncua-working-credit-unions-flooded-areas-vermont
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncuas-2022-omwi-annual-report-congress-now-available
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncuas-funds-receive-clean-audit-opinions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncuas-harper-discusses-dei-allyship-selected-aacuc-hall-fame
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/ncuas-hood-lauds-growth-dei-summit-and-industry-progress
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/registration-now-open-ncua-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-summit-nov-1-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/richmond-city-employees-federal-credit-union-merges-kemba-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/statement-ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/valwood-park-federal-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/valwood-park-federal-credit-union-conserved/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/yonkers-postal-employees-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2023/yonkers-postal-employees-credit-union-conserved/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/1st-choice-credit-union-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/1st-choice-credit-union-conserved/faq
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/agencies-finalize-interagency-guidance-reconsiderations-value-residential-real-estate-valuations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/agencies-issue-final-rule-help-ensure-credibility-and-integrity-automated-valuation-models
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/agencies-issue-proposal-incentive-based-compensation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/agencies-request-comment-anti-money-launderingcountering-financing-terrorism-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/agencies-request-comment-anti-money-launderingcountering-financing-terrorism-proposed-rule/interagency-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/agencies-take-temporary-action-appraisal-requirements-area-affected-hawaii-wildfires
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/alliance-credit-union-florida-conserved
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/alliance-credit-union-florida-conserved/faqs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/assets-camels-3-credit-unions-increase
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/board-approves-annual-performance-plan-briefed-deia-strategic-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/board-approves-final-rules-fair-hiring-banking-and-simplification-share-insurance-trust-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/board-briefed-cybersecurity-new-charters-and-field-membership
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/chairman-harper-and-board-member-otsuka-statements-cfpbs-enforcement-action-against-vystar-credit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/chairman-harpers-statement-his-temporary-leave-absence
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/cherie-freed-retires-ncua
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/credit-union-assets-and-delinquencies-grow-fourth-quarter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/credit-union-assets-and-loans-grow-delinquencies-increase-net-income-down
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/credit-union-assets-lending-insured-shares-delinquencies-grow
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/federal-and-state-financial-regulatory-agencies-issue-interagency-statement-supervisory-practices-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ffiec-issues-statement-examination-principles-related-valuation-discrimination-and-bias-residential
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ffiec-publishes-2023-data-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/financial-regulators-update-examiner-guidance-financial-institutions-information-technology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/katherine-easmunt-named-chief-ethics-counsel
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/mdi-credit-union-growth-expands-financial-security-and-creates-opportunities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-awards-over-35-million-community-development-revolving-loan-fund-grants
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-board-approves-advance-notice-proposed-rulemaking-records-retention
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-board-approves-central-liquidity-facility-budget-2025-2026
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-board-approves-proposed-rule-standardize-data-submitted-federal-financial-regulatory-agencies
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-board-approves-proposed-rules-incentive-based-compensation-succession-planning
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-board-approves-updates-mdi-preservation-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-charters-fair-break-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-charters-new-jersey-state-pba-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-charters-tribe-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-extends-cdrlf-grant-deadline-july-12
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-opening-2024-cdrlf-grant-round-may-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-posts-2025-2026-proposed-budget-sets-nov-22-public-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-four-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-four-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-one-individual-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-one-individual-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-one-individual-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-three-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-three-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-two-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-prohibits-two-individuals-participating-affairs-any-federally-insured-depository-institution-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-releases-2023-annual-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-releases-annual-cybersecurity-and-credit-union-system-resilience-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-releases-fiscal-year-2023-omwi-annual-report-congress
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-releases-q1-2024-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-releases-q2-2024-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncua-releases-q4-2023-state-level-credit-union-data-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncuas-funds-receive-clean-audit-opinions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/ncuas-mdi-awareness-month-activities-highlight-service-partnerships-and-progress
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/otsuka-sworn-25th-ncua-board-member
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/reflection-past-and-future-marks-federal-credit-union-act-90th-anniversary
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/registration-now-open-ncua-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-summit-july-9-11
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/renita-marcellin-appointed-senior-advisor-board-member-otsuka
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/statement-chairman-harper-cfpbs-settlement-navy-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/press-release/2024/statement-chairman-harper-citadel-federal-credit-unions-redlining-settlement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/0223/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-part-701-appendix-b-chartering-and-field
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-closing-remarks-my-diversity-journey-and-commitment-ncuas-inaugural
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-remarks-proposed-residential-real-estate-appraisal-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-remarks-second-chance-interpretive-ruling-and-policy-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-remarks-women-housing-and-finance-policy-lunch
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-2020-2021-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-during-cybersecurity-board-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-final-rule-real-estate-appraisals
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-payday-alternative-loans-ii-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-community-field-membership-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-public-unit-and-nonmember-shares-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2019/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-risk-based-capital-rule-delay
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-derivatives-rule-update-notice-proposed-rulemaking
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-opening-remarks-2021-budget-hearing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-opening-statement-2021-2022-ncua-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-prepared-remarks-ncuas-response-covid-19-pandemic-and-economic
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-remarks-credit-union-national-associations-2020-governmental-affairs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-remarks-cunas-examination-and-supervision-committee-meeting-ncuas
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-remarks-illinois-credit-union-league-virtual-town-hall-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-remarks-mountain-west-credit-union-association-annual-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-2020-budget-reprogramming-request
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-2020-midsession-budget-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-capitalization-interest-notice-proposed-rulemaking
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-central-liquidity-facility-interim-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-community-field-membership-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-covid-19-response
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-credit-union-combination-transactions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-cybersecurity-board-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-economic-equality-and-justice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-interim-final-rule-and-request-comment-real-estate
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-interim-final-rule-capital-adequacy-and-prompt-corrective
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-interim-final-rule-overdrafts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-interim-final-rule-regulatory-relief-response-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-minority-depository-institution-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-modern-examination-and-risk-identification-tool-merit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-ncua-guaranteed-notes-distributions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-notice-proposed-rulemaking-mortgage-servicing-rights
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-notice-proposed-rulemaking-overdrafts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-rule-joint-ownership-share-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-request-information-about-strategies-future-examination
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-residential-appraisal-threshold-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-funds-2021-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-funds-third-quarter-performance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-shared-service-facilitiesfield-membership-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-state-credit-union-industrys-diversity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-subordinated-debt-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-subordinated-debt-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-temporary-final-rule-regulatory-relief-response-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harpers-prepared-remarks-ncuas-response-covid-19-pandemic-and-economic
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harpers-statement-pride-month
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2020/statement-ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-proposed-rule-transition-cecl-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-corporate-credit-unions-and-subordinated-debt
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-credit-union-service-organizations-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-derivatives-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-request-information-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-and-equity-ratio-projection
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-2021-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-advance-notice-proposed-rulemaking-capital-requirements
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-board-briefing-about-access-initiative
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-board-briefing-consolidated-appropriations-act
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-rule-camels-rating-system
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-board-member-todd-m-harper-statement-risk-based-net-worth-complex-threshold-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-closing-remarks-2021-dei-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-fsoc-climate-risk-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-opening-remarks-ncuas-2021-dei-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-opening-remarks-ncuas-public-budget-hearing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-2021-nafcu-congressional-caucus-washington-dc
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-african-american-credit-union-coalitions-town-hall
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-america-saves-20th-anniversary-celebration
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-american-association-credit-union-leagues-winter-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-cunas-2021-governmental-affairs-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-inclusiv-monthly-town-hall
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-inclusivs-2021-virtual-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-maine-credit-union-league-town-hall-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-women-housing-and-finance-luncheon
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-2021-midsession-budget-review-and-revisions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-2022-2023-ncua-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-agenda-items
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-capitalization-interest-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-central-liquidity-facility-interim-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-credit-union-service-organizations-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-cybersecurity-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-cybersecurity-preparedness-and-trends-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-emergency-capital-investment-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-federal-credit-union-loan-interest-rate-ceiling
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-rule-camels-rating-system
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-rule-complex-credit-union-leverage-ratio-and-amendments
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-rule-joint-ownership-share-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-rule-phase-day-one-capital-adjustments-under-cecl
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-mortgage-servicing-assets-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncua-guaranteed-notes-and-asset-management-estates-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-modernized-examination-tools
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-proposed-strategic-plan-2022-2026
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-one-year-anniversary-remote-work-posture
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-oregon-member-business-lending-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-complex-credit-union-leverage-ratio-and-amendments
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-quarterly-update-national-credit-union-share-insurance-fund
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-quarterly-update-national-credit-union-share-insurance-fund-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-renewal-prompt-correction-action-relief-measures
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-request-information-digital-assets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-2022-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-shared-service-facilities-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-subordinated-debt-emergency-capital-investment-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-subordinated-debt-emergency-capital-investment-program-final
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-temporary-interim-final-rule-asset-thresholds-pertaining-large
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-update-ncua-response-covid-19-pandemic
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-defense-credit-union-council-annual-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-defense-credit-union-councils-defense-matters-webinar-forum
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-remarks-cunas-2021-governmental-affairs-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-2021-mid-session-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-asset-thresholds-pertaining-large-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-agenda
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-cybersecurity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-ncuas-modernized-examination-tools
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-ncuas-response-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-capitalization-interest-connection-loan-workouts-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-central-liquidity-facility-interim-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-derivatives-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-emergency-capital-investment-program
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-camels-rating-system
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-complex-credit-union-leverage-ratio
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-part-701-shared-services-facilities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-part-703-mortgage-servicing-assets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-part-712-credit-union-service-organizations
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-parts-702-and-741-subordinated-debt
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-joint-ownership-share-accounts-part-745-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ncuas-2022-2023-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ncuas-2022-2026-strategic-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ngn-and-asset-management-estates-programs-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-one-year-anniversary-pandemic
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-oregon-member-business-lending-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-702-and-703-subordinated-debt-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-request-comment-share-insurance-funds-normal-operating
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-share-insurance-fund-equity-ratio-presentation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-share-insurance-funds-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-transition-current-expected-credit-loss-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-staff-briefing-cybersecurity-current-events-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-staff-briefing-interim-final-rule-part-702-capital
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-notice-proposed-rulemaking-complex-credit-union-leverage
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2021/vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-request-information-digital-assets-and-related-technology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/honorable-todd-m-harper-chairman-national-credit-union-administration-remarks-cuna-governmental
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/honorable-todd-m-harper-chairman-national-credit-union-administration-statement-conflict-ukraine-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-message-ncuas-employees-agencys-accomplishments-2021
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-opening-remarks-ncua-briefing-national-bank-ukraine-and-deposit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-opening-remarks-ncuas-2022-dei-access-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-opening-remarks-ncuas-public-budget-briefing-staff-draft-budget-2023-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-african-american-credit-union-coalition-annual-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-cuna-cybersecurity-conference-nascus
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-inclusivs-2022-annual-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-investiture-ceremony
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-nafcu-congressional-caucus
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-nascus-exchange
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-polish-slavic-federal-credit-union-event-ukraine
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-virginia-credit-union-league-ceo-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-2022-midsession-budget-review
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-about-ncuas-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-program-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-amendments-subordinated-debt-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-asset-and-supervision-thresholds-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-corporate-system-resolution-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-cyber-incident-notification-notice-proposed-rulemaking
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-following-briefing-ncuas-2022-supervisory-priorities
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-following-central-liquidity-facility-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-following-staff-briefing-post-exam-survey-pilot
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-member-expulsion-proposed-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-2022-2026-strategic-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-2022-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-2023-2024-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-risk-appetite-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-normal-operating-level-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-financial-innovation-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-rule-asset-thresholds-ones-supervision
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-renewal-temporary-prompt-correction-action-measures
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-semi-annual-cybersecurity-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-semi-annual-cybersecurity-briefing-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-staff-briefing-about-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-succession-planning-notice-proposed-rulemaking
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-cu-pride-leadership-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-opening-remarks-during-march-2022-ncua-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-prepared-remarks-ncuas-2023-2024-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-remarks-2022-cuna-governmental-affairs-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-2022-mid-session-budget-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-asset-and-supervision-threshold-determining-appropriate
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-credit-union-use-distributed-ledger-technologies-letter
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-financial-innovation-loan-participations-eligible
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-board-briefing-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-board-briefing-cybersecurity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-board-briefing-ncuas-2022-supervisory
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-board-briefing-ncuas-diversity-equity-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-briefing-state-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-semi-annual-cybersecurity-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-interim-final-rule-part-702-prompt-corrective-action
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ncuas-2022-2026-strategic-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ncuas-2022-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ncuas-enterprise-risk-appetite-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-post-exam-survey-pilot-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-asset-threshold-determining-appropriate
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-member-expulsion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-part-701-succession-planning
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-part-748-cyber-incident-notification
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-subordinated-debt
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-share-insurance-funds-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2022/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-staff-briefing-corporate-system-resolution-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-opening-remarks-ncuas-public-budget-briefing-staff-draft-budget-2024
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-2023-governmental-affairs-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-2023-inclusiv-2023-annual-conference-where-do-we-go-here
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-african-american-credit-union-coalition-hall-fame-induction
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-african-american-credit-union-coalitions-commitment-change
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-american-credit-union-mortgage-associations-2023-annual
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-credit-union-leadership-convention
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-cuna-midwest-small-credit-union-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-defense-credit-union-council-annual-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-indiana-credit-union-league
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-signing-memorandum-understanding-public-corporation-supervision
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-central-liquidity-facilitys-budget-2024
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-cyber-incident-notification-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-federal-credit-union-loan-interest-rate-ceiling
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-federal-credit-union-loan-interest-rate-ceiling-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-notice-operating-fee-schedule-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-rule-amend-agencys-subordinated-debt-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-rule-charitable-donation-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-financial-innovation-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-following-cybersecurity-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-member-expulsion-final-rule
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-2023-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-2023-midsession-budget-review-and-consideration
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-2024-2025-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-proposed-rule-simplify-share-insurance-requirements
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-rule-charitable-donation-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-rule-field-membership-and-chartering
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-rule-required-fair-hiring-banking-act
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-request-comment-ncuas-overhead-transfer-rate-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-request-information-climate-related-financial-risk
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-safety-and-soundness-credit-union-system
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-semi-annual-cybersecurity-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-2023-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-2023-nafcu-congressional-caucus
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-2023-reach-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-cooperative-credit-union-associations-cu-accelerate-2023
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-international-credit-union-regulators-network-annual-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-mddc-credit-union-association-annual-meeting-convention
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-nascuss-state-system-summit-s3
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-ncuas-2023-mdi-symposium
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-statement-financial-stability-oversight-councils-non-bank-designation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-statement-following-boards-new-charter-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-statement-proposed-notice-and-comment-ncuas-operating-fee-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-statement-proposed-revisions-interpretive-ruling-and-policy-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-request-comment-operating-fee-schedule-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-final-rule-part-702-subordinated-debt
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-ncua-operating-fee-schedule-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-central-liquidity-facilitys-2024-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-federal-credit-union-interest-rate-ceiling
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-federal-credit-union-interest-rate-ceiling-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-member-expulsion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-part-721-charitable-donation-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-part-748-cyber-incident-notification
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-financial-innovation-loan-participations-eligible
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-board-briefing-new-charter-modernization
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-following-semi-annual-cybersecurity-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-mid-session-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ncuas-2023-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ncuas-2024-2025-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-notice-proposed-rulemaking-simplification-insurance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-interpretive-ruling-and-policy-statement-13-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-fair-hiring-banking
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-part-721-charitable-donation-accounts
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-request-comment-ncua-overhead-transfer-rate-methodology
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-request-information-climate-related-financial-risk
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-board-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2023/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptmans-address-2023-governmental-affairs-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-opening-remarks-may-2024-ncua-board-meeting
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-opening-remarks-ncuas-public-budget-briefing-staff-draft-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-statement-board-briefing-ncuas-2024-2026-diversity-equity-inclusion
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-statement-central-liquidity-facilitys-budget-2025-2026
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-statement-cures-new-charter-and-field-membership-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-statement-following-annual-cybersecurity-update-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-statement-ncuas-2024-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-statement-ncuas-collection-overdraft-and-non-sufficient-fund-data
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-statement-share-insurance-fund-2024-third-quarter-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsuka-statement-share-insurance-funds-quarterly-performance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsukas-remarks-2024-diversity-equity-inclusion-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsukas-statement-executive-compensation-section-956-notice-proposed
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsukas-statement-loan-interest-rate-ceiling
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsukas-statement-ncuas-final-interpretative-ruling-and-policy-statement
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsukas-statement-share-insurance-funds-quarterly-performance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-f-otsukas-statement-succession-planning-notice-proposed-rulemaking
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-otsuka-remarks-2024-governmental-affairs-conference
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-otsuka-remarks-treasurys-roundtable-providing-financial-access-justice
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-otsuka-statement-advance-notice-proposed-rulemaking-part-749-records
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-board-member-tanya-otsukas-remarks-inclusiv-conference-50
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-opening-remarks-ncuas-public-budget-briefing-staff-draft-budget-2025
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-2024-minority-depository-institution-symposium
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-remarks-volunteer-leadership-institute-2024
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-advance-notice-proposed-rulemaking-part-749-records
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-central-liquidity-facilitys-budget-2025-2026
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-cures-new-charter-and-field-membership-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-federal-credit-union-loan-interest-rate-ceiling
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-final-rule-required-fair-hiring-banking-act
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-following-annual-cybersecurity-update-briefing
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-2024-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-diversity-equity-inclusion-and-accessibility-strategic
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-final-interpretative-ruling-and-policy-statement-irps-13
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-ncuas-final-rule-simplify-share-insurance-coverage
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-proposed-interagency-rule-incentive-based-executive
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-revised-proposed-rule-succession-planning
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-2024-second-quarter-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harper-statement-share-insurance-fund-2024-third-quarter-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-2024-diversity-equity-inclusion-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-brookings-institution-agenda-credit-union-regulation
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-remarks-us-treasury-department-roundtable-enhancing-financial
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-statement-share-insurance-funds-quarterly-performance
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-final-interpretive-ruling-and-policy-statement-13-1-minority
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-advance-notice-proposed-rulemaking-anpr-part-749
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-cybersecurity-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-ncuas-2024-2026-diversity-equity
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-new-charter-and-field-membership-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-0
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-1
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-share-insurance-fund-quarterly-report-2
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-central-liquidity-facilitys-2025-2026-budget
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-federal-credit-union-loan-interest-rate-ceiling
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-part-745-simplification-insurance-rules
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-final-rule-parts-701-741-746-748-and-752-fair-hiring
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-ncuas-2024-annual-performance-plan
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-nonsufficient-funds-nsf-fees
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-incentive-based-compensation-arrangements
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-proposed-rule-succession-planning-12-cfr-parts-701-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptmans-remarks-2024-diversity-equity-inclusion-summit
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/2024/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptmans-remarks-americas-credit-unions-congressional-caucus
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/speech/ncua-vice-chairman-kyle-s-hauptman-statement-board-briefing-cybersecurity-update
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2014/director-office-examination-and-insurance-larry-fazio-senate-banking-housing-and-urban-affairs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2015/director-office-examination-and-insurance-larry-fazio-hearing-examining-regulatory-burdens-regulator
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2015/director-office-examination-and-insurance-larry-fazio-hearing-regulatory-relief-community-banks-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2019/director-office-credit-union-resources-and-expansion-martha-ninichuk-testimony-house-financial
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-statement-nominations-hearing-senate-committee-banking-housing-and
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-us-house-representatives-committee-financial-services
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2021/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-us-senate-committee-banking-housing-and-urban-affairs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-us-house-committee-financial-services
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2022/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-us-senate-committee-banking-housing-and-urban-affairs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2022/ncua-director-office-examination-and-insurance-written-testimony-task-force-artificial-intelligence
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2023/director-financial-technology-and-access-charles-vices-written-testimony-subcommittee-digital-assets
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-house-financial-services-committee
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-senate-banking-housing-and-urban-affairs-committee
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-us-house-committee-financial-services
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2023/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-us-senate-committee-banking-housing-and-urban-affairs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2023/ncua-deputy-executive-director-rendell-l-jones-testimony-us-house-representatives-subcommittee
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-statement-submitted-house-financial-services-committee
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-statement-submitted-senate-banking-housing-and-urban-affairs
https://ncua.gov/newsroom/testimony/2024/ncua-chairman-todd-m-harpers-written-testimony-house-financial-services-committee-0
https://ncua.gov/no-fear-act
https://ncua.gov/node/8459
https://ncua.gov/pages/ncuaexpress-confirmation.aspx
https://ncua.gov/privacy
https://ncua.gov/privacy/computer-matching-agreements
https://ncua.gov/privacy/exemptions-privacy-act
https://ncua.gov/privacy/ncua-privacy-record-request-process
https://ncua.gov/privacy/other-resources
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-act-statements
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-complaint-process
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/capris
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/cuonline
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/cuso-registry
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/ecdr
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/epacs
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/epsme
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/ess-merit
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/gss
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/ncua-connect
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/ncua-public-websites
https://ncua.gov/privacy/privacy-impact-assessments/pass
https://ncua.gov/privacy/systems-records-notices
https://ncua.gov/privacy/systems-records-notices/current-sorns
https://ncua.gov/privacy/systems-records-notices/government-wide-sorns
https://ncua.gov/privacy/systems-records-notices/standard-routine-uses
https://ncua.gov/privacy/website-privacy-policy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/board-appeals
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/corporate-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/corporate-credit-unions/corporate-credit-union-merger
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/corporate-credit-unions/corporate-cuso-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/corporate-credit-unions/corporate-cuso-activities/approval-process
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/corporate-credit-unions/corporate-cuso-activities/approved-corporate-cuso-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/corporate-credit-unions/corporate-cuso-activities/corporate-credit-union-responsibilities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/corporate-credit-unions/corporate-examiner-guide
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/corporate-credit-unions/corporate-expanded-authority-guidelines
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/cuso-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/call-report-modernization
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/data-exchange-application-dexa
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/data-exchange-application-dexa/data-exchange
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/data-exchange-application-dexa/share-loan-record-layout-specifications
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/data-exchange-application-dexa/share-loan-record-layout-specifications/faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/electronic-loan-deposit-investment-data
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/modern-examination-risk-identification-tool
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/modern-examination-risk-identification-tool/merit-faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/ncua-connect-merit/external-user-rules-behavior
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/ncua-connect-merit/ncua-connect-faq
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/enterprise-solution-modernization-program/ncua-connect-merit/ncua-connect-faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/exam-flexibility-initiative
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/exam-flexibility-initiative/ncua-state-supervisor-working-group
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/exam-flexibility-initiative/ncua-state-supervisor-working-group/alternating-exam-program-faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/exam-flexibility-initiative/stakeholder-comment-summary
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-modernization-initiatives/virtual-examination-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-program/credit-union-policy-reviews
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-program/information-new-credit-union-senior-executives
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-program/post-examination-survey
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/examination-program/post-examination-survey/faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1982/bylaw-request
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1983/proposal-appoint-fcus-ceo-board
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1984/enforcing-judgment-delinquent-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1985/removing-director-who-currently-delinquent
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1985/removing-director-who-currently-delinquent/removal-director
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1985/request-amendment-article-vi-section-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1986/board-directors-eligibility-requirement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1986/board-directors-eligibility-requirement-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/board-directors-eligibility-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-article-vii-section-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/nonstandard-bylaws-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1988/request-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/legal-opinion-vacating-appointment-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0/indemnification-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-10
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-11
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-12
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-13
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-14
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-15
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-16
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-17
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-18
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-19
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-20
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-9
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1989/nonstandard-corporate-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/corporate-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nomination-petition
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-10
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-11
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-12
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-13
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-14
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-15
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-16
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1990/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-9
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/action-against-abusive-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/annuity-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/applicability-new-hampshire-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/appraisal-regulations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/appraisal-requirements-real-estate-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/audit-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/board-elections
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/bylaw-provisions-removal
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/bylaw-provisions-removal-officials-and-employees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/corporate-credit-unions-purchase-government-cmoremics
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/credit-cards-issued-fcus-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/cuso-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/definition-risk-assets
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/dividends
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/election-nonmember-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/fcu-investment-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/fcu-investment-investment-companies
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/fcus-tax-exempt-status
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/federal-regulation-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/federal-regulation-state-chartered-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/insurability-investments-bureau-indian-affairs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/insurance-coverage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/insurance-coverage-patient-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/late-payment-charges
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/loan-differentiation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/meal-reimbursement-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/member-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/membership-overlap
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nominations-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-10
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-11
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-12
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-13
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-14
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-9
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/notification-change-dividend-rates
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/paid-employees-serving-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/payable-death-account-records
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/permissibility-investment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/permissibility-lease-arrangement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/personal-computer-loan-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/preemption-state-law-affecting-share-drafts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/preemption-state-law-beneficiary-designation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/preemption-wisconsin-statute-requiring-interest-mortgage-escrow-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/pricing-deviation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/prohibiting-loans-employees-and-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/refund-ncusif-insurance-premium
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/regulation-c-and-home-mortgage-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/regulation-z-and-home-equity-loan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/regulation-z-and-loan-payment-period
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/regulation-z-disclosure-renewal-balloon-payment-instrument
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/reinstatement-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/reorganization-meeting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/risk-assets-and-reserve-transfers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/signature-guarantees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/soldiers-and-sailors-civil-relief-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/sponsor-liability-credit-union-operations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/statutory-liens-joint-share-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/suspension-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/teleconference-meetings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/trust-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1991/use-ncua-logo
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/agreements-between-state-credit-union-and-corporation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/appraisals
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/atm-overdraft-recovery
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/automobile-leasing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/bankruptcy-code
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/bylaws-terminating-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/charitable-fund-relief-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/compensation-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/compensation-officials-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/conflict-interest-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/decedents-estate-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/delegation-investment-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/delegations-executive-committee
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/denial-cuso-request-other-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/denial-endorsement-request
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/discounted-loan-rates-low-risk-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/discrimination-laws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/electronic-income-tax-filing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/electronic-tax-filing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/expulsion-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/fcucuso-ownership-reinsurance-corporation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/field-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/fixed-assets
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/insurability-escrow-funds
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/insurance-group-purchasing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/inverse-floating-cmos
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/iowa-credit-card-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/iowa-credit-card-registration-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/joint-accounts-louisiana
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/joint-owner-compared-joint-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/leasing-residual-value-requirement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/loan-maturity-limits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/loan-officer-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/loan-participation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/loan-policies-under-max-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/loans-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/maturity-bankers-acceptance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/member-access-credit-union-records
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/member-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/merger-credit-unions-savings-and-loan-association
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/mortgage-foreclosures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/mortgage-secondary-principal-residence
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/ncua-tax-exemption
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/permissible-political-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/personal-property-tax
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/political-action-committee-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/postdated-checks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/preemption-state-grace-period-laws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/preemption-state-late-charges-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/preemption-state-late-charges-law-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/preemption-state-law-disposition-decedents-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/preemption-state-law-governing-mortgage-fees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/preemption-state-statute
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/principal-residence
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/publication-member-discharges-bankruptcy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/real-estate-liens-consumer-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/real-estate-liens-consumer-loans-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/regulation-b
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/reimbursement-board-members-expenses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/reimbursement-volunteers-lost-wages
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/secondary-principal-residences
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/securitization-real-estate-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/share-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/student-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/tax-exemption
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/term-limits-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/termination-member-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/treatment-loan-balance-decedent-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/uninsured-membership-shares
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/vacation-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/valuation-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1992/varying-dividend-rates
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/business-share-draft-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/cuso-qualifications
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/delegation-credit-committee
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/delegation-loan-review-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/director-compensation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/director-loan-default
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/disclosure-loan-payoff-information
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/drive-appraisals
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/exemption-dividend-calculation-under-truth-savings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/fcu-self-insurance-health-plan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/federal-credit-union-investments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/fees-collection-protection-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/fees-copying-share-drafts-under-truth-savings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/fixed-asset-rule-prepaid-leases
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/gifts-committee-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/guarantee-exemption-member-business-loan-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/insurance-nonmember-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/interest-rate-and-maturity-limits-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/loan-maturity-refinancing-balloon-loan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/loan-nonmember-lessor
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/loan-transfers-share-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/loans-credit-union-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/management-official-interlocks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/maturity-motor-home-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/member-business-loan-compensated-director
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/member-good-standing-policy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/necessity-signed-loan-applications
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-9
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/ohio-member-business-loan-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/passing-league-dues-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/political-action-committeepac-fund-raising-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/procedures-exercising-fcu-tax-exemption
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/profit-sharing-agreement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/right-supervisory-committee-attend-board-meetings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/rollback-accounts-prohibited-under-truth-savings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/shared-branch-facilities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/suspension-officer-or-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/tax-exemption-occupancy-taxes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/transfer-foreclosed-property-cuso
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/use-credit-reports-election-fcu-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/voting-rights
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1993/waiver-prepayment-penalties
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/appraisals-fha-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/business-lending-rule-associated-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/corporate-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/credit-union-dividends-are-taxable
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/cusotrust-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/cusotrust-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/definition-earnings-truth-savings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/eligibility-member-vote
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/employee-bonus-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/filing-vacancies-board
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/health-insurance-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/health-insurance-board-directors-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/internal-revenue-code-457-employee-retirement-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/loans-vacation-homes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/maturity-limits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/member-overdrafts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/membership-shares-and-escheat
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/periodic-disclosures-under-truth-savings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/qualifications-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/qualifications-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/regulation-b-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/revocable-trust-agreement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/riegle-community-development-and-regulatory-improvement-act-1994
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/simultaneous-loan-and-membership-application
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/sponsor-liability
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/standard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/suspension-member-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/tax-exemption-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/termination-life-savings-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/use-attorney
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/voting-age-requirement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/voting-proxy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1994/wyoming-uniform-unclaimed-property-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/acceptance-nonmembers-joint-applicants-loan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/application-nafta-foreign-credit-union-branches
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/atm-network-interchange-deposit-service
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/board-director-nominations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/bylaw-definition-immediate-family-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/check-cashing-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/credit-card-nonmember-sponsor
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-fees-member-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/federal-credit-unions-offering-trust-and-asset-management-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/foreclosed-real-estate-sale
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/former-outside-counsel-serving-fcu-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/immediate-family-members-field-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/insurance-nonmember-custodial-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/lending-churches
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/lending-churches-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/limits-participation-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/loans-non-natural-person-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/preemption-state-usury-laws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/providing-services-another-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/requirements-board-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/truth-savings-change-terms-notices-after-merger
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/truth-savings-periodic-statement-disclosures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1995/use-term-deposit-truth-savings-disclosure
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/administration-loan-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/administration-loan-program-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/advertising-share-accounts-being-free
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/application-state-arizona-transaction-privilege-tax
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/appraisals-home-equity-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/arizona-state-tax-exemption-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/associational-common-bond
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/balance-computation-methods
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/balloon-auto-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/balloon-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/branching-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/brokerage-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/business-real-estate-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/collection-gap-insurance-premiums
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/confidentiality-bylaw
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/configuration-uninsured-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/consented-overlap-and-irrevocable-power-attorney
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/construction-and-development-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/corporate-nonmember-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/corporate-nonmember-deposits-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/credit-cards-non-natural-person-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/credit-scoring-system
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/credit-union-membership-revocable-living-trusts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/credit-union-name
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-issues
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-leasing-activity
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/deceptive-advertising-cuis
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/definition-immediate-family-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/dividends-escrow-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/donation-credit-union-conference
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/eligibility-narcup-inc-association-under-irps-96-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/employee-serving-member-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/fcu-bylaws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/federal-credit-union-tax-exemption
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/field-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/flood-insurance-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/flow-through-insurance-coverage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/flow-through-insurance-coverage-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/general-electric-evendale-employees-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/granting-loan-approval-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/hiring-relatives
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/individual-retirement-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/insurance-coverage-457-deferred-compensation-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/insurance-coverage-testamentary-and-trust-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/interpretive-ruling-and-policy-statement-irps-82-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/investment-product-sales-disclosures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/investment-secondary-capital-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/irps-96-2-and-congressional-districts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/leasing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/limited-partnership-credit-union-service-organizationcuso
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/loan-participation-and-business-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/loans-credit-union-service-organizations-cusos
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/long-term-mortgage-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/management-official-interlocks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/member-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/misleading-advertising
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/misleading-advertising-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/part-700
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/partially-self-funded-employee-health-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/percentage-lease-arrangements-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/phone-card-sales-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/preemption-state-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/prepayment-penalties-loan-incentives
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/questions-cuna-lending-council-research-paper
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/recreational-vehicle-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/reimbursement-expenses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/reimbursement-expenses-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/reimbursement-travel-expenditures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/request-clarification-tax-exempt-status
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/requirement-provide-uniform-settlement-statement-form
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/residual-value-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/retail-installment-contracts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/reverse-mortgages-equity-share-feature
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/risk-assets
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/sales-tax-exemption-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/secondary-capital
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/section-70121c8-ncua-rules-and-regulations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/security-public-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/shares-share-drafts-and-share-certificates
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/southern-teachers-parents-fcu
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/staff-experience-requirement-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/state-consumer-law-selecting-title-company
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/supervisory-audits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/supervisory-committee-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/supervisory-committee-members-attending-board-meetings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/suspension-or-expulsion-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/tape-storage-agreement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/tax-exempt-organizations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/testamentary-and-joint-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/use-raffles-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/waiver-fees-home-equity-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1996/waiving-fees-cashing-checks-and-camel-ratings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/12-cfr-70360
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/ability-fcus-make-first-lien-home-improvement-loans-texas
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/account-federal-savings-bank
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/annual-election
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/annual-percentage-yield-calculations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/application-state-consumer-lending-laws-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/associational-common-bond
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/assumption-credit-union-real-estate-loans-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/business-lending-rule-associated-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/business-share-draft-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/bylaws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/bylaws-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/charitable-donations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/collateral-protection-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/community-development-financial-institutions-program-assistance-agreement-grants-insured-credit
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/conflict-interest-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/conflict-interest-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/conflict-interest-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/conflict-interest-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/credit-practices-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/credit-union-operations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/credit-union-service-organization-cuso
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/cu-nonmember-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/definition-nonmember
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/denial-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/deposit-brokering
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/deposit-brokering-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/disbursement-retained-earnings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/disclosure-ncua-examination-reports
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/federal-credit-unions-cashing-travelers-checks-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/federal-electronic-benefit-transfers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/flow-through-insurance-coverage-share-certificates
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/guaranteed-auto-protection-gap-programdebt-cancellation-contract
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/hawaii-reciprocal-beneficiaries-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/health-insurance-board-and-committee-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/hiring-consultants
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/impermissible-loans-overdrafts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/incentive-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/incentives-automobile-dealers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/indemnification-policy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/indirect-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/insurance-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/insurance-brokerage-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/insurance-coverage-individual-retirement-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/insurance-joint-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/interpretation-ok-statute
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/living-trust-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/loan-participation-and-business-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/loan-referral-fees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/management-interlocks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/mechanical-breakdown-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/members-elected-bod
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/membership-eligibility-immediate-family-members-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/membership-eligibility-immediate-family-members-secondary-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/mutual-conversions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/ncua-preemption-state-law-affecting-finance-charge
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/ncuas-member-business-loan-regulation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/ncusif-insurance-coverage-sub-share-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/notary-public-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/operating-and-sharing-electronic-branch-massachusetts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/part-703-ncua-rules-and-regulations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/pass-through-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/payment-dividend
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/payment-taxes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/payout-priorities-involuntary-liquidation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/phone-cards
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/polish-flood-relief
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/preemption-state-law-concerning-late-fees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/preferential-loan-rates-employees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/prescreening-automobile-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/promotional-plan-increase-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/proposed-signage-change
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/protection-confidential-information
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/qualifications-members-nominating-committee
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/real-estate-related-loan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/reg-z-disclosure-required-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/relationship-requirements-credit-union-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/request-interpretation-section-118a-fcu-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/revocable-living-trust
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/risk-assets-part-700
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/roll-call-votes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/sale-charged-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/sales-and-hotel-occupancy-tax
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/securities-safekeeping
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/securities-safekeeping-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/securities-safekeeping-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/segregation-duties
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/share-draft-cash-disbursement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/simplified-employee-pension-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/state-chartered-credit-unions-operating-branches-military-installations-overseas
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/statutory-lien
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/supervisory-committees-authority-retain-legal-counsel-its-exclusive-use
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/travel-lodging-and-lost-time-pay-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/treasury-general-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1997/vehicle-financing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/12-cfr-70121c8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/accepting-insurance-payments-fcu-sponsor
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/accounting-manual-permanent-retention-records
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/annuity-plan-volunteer-board-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/article-xix-section-6-fcu-bylaws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/board-directors-authority-approve-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/board-directors-authority-approve-loans-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/brokered-shares
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/charter-conversions-credit-union-bank
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/check-cashing-services-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/collateral-requirements-member-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/confidentiality-year-2000-y2k-quarterly-reports
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/confirmation-statements-and-deposit-insurance-coverage-investments-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/conversion-federally-insured-credit-union-cooperative
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/credit-union-mortgage-service-cums
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-cellular-phone-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-membership-federal-credit-unions-fcus
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/cuso-internet-service
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/director-appointments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/discounted-legal-fees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/election-process-internet-voting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/exclusionary-clauses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/fcu-bylaw-dispute
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/federal-credit-union-fcu-charter-name
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/federal-credit-union-investment-cuso-debentures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/federal-credit-unions-establishing-atms-wyoming
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/hiring-family-members-perform-services-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/indirect-loans-credit-union-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/insurability-member-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/insurance-reimbursement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/integrated-financial-service-arrangements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/interpretation-article-xix-section-4-fcu-bylaws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/irs-form-990-filing-requirement-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/legal-opinion-two-questions-posed-ncua-region-iii
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/lending-church
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/loan-participation-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/loan-review-committee
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/loans-cusos
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/member-business-loan-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/membership-eligibility-immediate-family-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/membership-issues
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/membership-requirements-and-organizational-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/membership-rights-and-subscription-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/nonmember-joint-owners-ability-obtain-advances-under-open-end-credit-agreement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/part-724-trustees-and-custodians-roth-iras-and-education-iras
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/permissibility-extending-automobile-lease-and-waiving-excess-mileage-charge
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/permissibility-federal-national-mortgage-association-delegated-underwriting-and-servicingmortgage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/permissibility-home-equity-loan-collateralized-mortgage-obligations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/permissibility-investment-security-guaranteed-federal-home-loan-mortgage-corporation-freddie-mac
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/permissibility-share-overdraft-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/permissible-enforcement-due-sale-clause
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/permissible-investments-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/pledging-assets-cover-funds-retirement-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/preemption-state-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/preferential-loan-rates-employees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/reimbursement-travel-expenses-directors-companion
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/removal-directors-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/request-approval-new-bylaw
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/responsibility-supervisory-committee-cuso
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/risk-based-pricing-disclosure-notice
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/risk-based-pricing-policy-right-review
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/sale-eligible-obligations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/secondary-capital-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/secondary-capital-program-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/section-70380
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/servicing-and-insurability-housing-opportunity-commission-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/state-tax-or-assessments-atms
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/supervisory-committee-audit
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/third-party-incentives-selling-mechanical-breakdown-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/truth-savings-disclosure-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/u-c-fcu-atm-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/use-imaging-system-records-storage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1998/wage-assignments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/ability-credit-unions-offer-electronic-transfer-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/application-homeowners-protection-act-1998-home-equity-and-home-improvement-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/asset-backed-securities-collateral-tri-party-repurchase-agreements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/bonus-dividends
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/cash-inducements-transfer-insurance-business
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/cashing-checks-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/chattel-lien-fund
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/conflict-interest-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/conflict-interest-and-12-cfr-70121c8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/corporate-credit-unions-lending-credit-union-service-organizations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/court-ordered-custodial-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/cu-village-internet-based-delivery-system
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/cuso-marketing-services-under-12-cfr-7125b8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/deferred-compensation-agreement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/definition-household-members-field-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/denial-member-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/disclosure-confidential-member-information
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/electronic-disclosures-under-truth-savings-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/expulsion-member-permitted-contents-notice-special-meeting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/federal-credit-union-accounts-foreign-banks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/health-insurance-board-and-committee-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/insurance-coverage-custodial-accounts-maintained-market-agencies
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/investments-obligations-state-and-political-subdivisions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/key-man-life-insurance-and-deferred-compensation-agreements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/leased-employees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/lines-credit-and-maturity-limits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/loan-participation-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/loans-trusts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/maturity-limit-member-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/mechanical-breakdown-coverage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/medical-savings-accounts-under-montana-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/paragon-federal-credit-union-scup
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/payment-shares-public-units
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/permissibility-real-estate-volume-based-purchasebonus-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/proposed-federal-credit-union-fcu-and-proposed-financial-institution-servicing-subsidiary
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/reduction-number-directors-during-election-process
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/reimbursement-credit-union-volunteers-child-care
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/service-select-groups-after-credit-union-conversion-community-charter
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/share-insurance-coverage-revocable-trusts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/state-law-limiting-finance-charges-retail-installment-sales-cars
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/student-banking-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/suspension-services-requirement-pay-dividends
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/trw-systems-fcu
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/1999/use-imaging-system-loan-records-storage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/adoption-standard-bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/aggregate-member-business-loan-limit-and-sba-guaranteed-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/application-member-business-loan-rule-loans-secured-stock
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/collection-applicant-data-grant-reporting-purposes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/confidentiality-members-records
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/corporate-credit-union-investment-employee-benefit-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/credit-union-employees-serving-credit-committee
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/credit-union-employees-serving-credit-committee-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/credit-union-participation-sba-504-loan-guarantee-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/credit-union-service-organization-leasing-activity
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/discharging-credit-committee-amending-bylaws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/ecoa-and-risk-based-loan-pricing-adjustments-similarly-situated-applicants
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/eligibility-sponsor-clients-credit-union-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/fcu-financing-leases-business-equipment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/federal-credit-union-bylaws-voting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/federal-credit-unions-authority-hold-nonmember-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/fees-member-locator-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/field-membership-issues-when-state-chartered-credit-unions-convert-federal-charters
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/flood-insurance-exemptions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/home-owners-protection-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/impermissibility-free-safe-deposit-boxes-board-and-committee-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/impermissible-bylaw
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/insurance-benefits-officials-and-their-immediate-family-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/late-charge-pyramiding
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/life-savings-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/medical-savings-accounts-under-montana-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/member-business-loan-security-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/membership-status-and-eligibility-election-be-director
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/merger-or-conversion-federal-credit-union-national-bank
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/mutual-fund-investment-employee-benefit-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nomination-petition-and-floor-director-elections
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-9
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/permissibility-delayed-delivery-investment-transaction
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/permissibility-nonmember-co-borrower
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/proposed-legislation-requiring-federal-corporate-credit-union-produce-information-state-regulator
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/reimbursement-travel-expenses-directors-companion
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/reserving-rate-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/share-insurance-coverage-living-trusts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/share-insurance-individual-development-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/timing-annual-notices-and-verification-funds-under-ncuas-consumer-privacy-regulation-part-716
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/trusts-members-and-loans-trusts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2000/use-credit-cards-after-termination-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/addresses-permitted-report-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/applicability-state-lending-regulation-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/cashing-us-government-checks-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/construction-and-development-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/consumer-protection-unauthorized-electronic-fund-transfers-under-electronic-fund-transfer-act-and
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/delegation-authority-set-and-declare-dividend-rates
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/directors-interest-financial-counseling-services-offered-third-party
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/election-dispute
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/fcu-custodian-self-directed-ira-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/fcu-purchase-certificates-deposit-through-introducing-broker
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/fcus-retention-benefit-plan-investments-following-employee-separation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/federal-credit-union-licensed-insurance-agent
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/field-membership-and-nonstandard-bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/guidelines-safeguarding-member-information-appendix-part-748
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/interest-rate-limits-and-transaction-fees-credit-card-cash-advances
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/limits-disclosing-account-numbers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/maturities-boat-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/member-business-loan-participations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/membership-issues-prepaid-funeral-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/mortgage-servicing-charitable-contribution
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonmember-mortgage-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-10
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-11
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-12
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-13
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-9
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/not-profit-and-tax-exempt-status-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/officials-conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/permissibility-student-loans-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/permissible-credit-union-service-organization-cuso-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/proposed-rule-implementing-fair-credit-reporting-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/recreational-vehicles-mobile-homes-ncua-lending-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/regulation-e-periodic-disclosures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/releasing-consumer-credit-information-government-employers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/sale-nondeposit-investment-products-dual-employees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/second-mortgage-insurance-product
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2001/use-trade-name-without-words-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/aggregate-limits-member-business-loans-mbls
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/amending-fcu-bylaws-permit-directors-voting-e-mail
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/amending-federal-credit-union-fcu-bylaws-permit-director-voting-email
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/applicability-georgia-fair-lending-act-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/application-10-loans-one-borrower-limit-share-secured-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/application-fixed-asset-rule-data-processing-contracts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/authority-federal-credit-union-own-trust-only-thrift
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/bank-notes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-conversion-corporation-limited-liability-company-llc
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/debt-cancellation-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/electronic-voting-proposal-convert-nonfederal-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/fcus-loan-denial-based-location-collateral
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/federal-credit-union-act-election-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/federal-credit-union-finder-mortgage-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/federally-insured-credit-unions-ficus-qualified-public-depositories-under-florida-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/guaranteeing-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/guaranteeing-deposits-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/loan-participations-loans-prepayment-penalties
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/member-deposits-other-financial-institutions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/member-expulsion-and-election-dispute
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/mortgage-loan-policies-favoring-class-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nomination-process-board-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-10
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-8
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-9
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/north-carolina-mortgage-lending-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/participation-interest-personal-property-leasing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/preemption-california-credit-card-disclosure-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/preemption-connecticut-open-end-mortgage-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/process-converting-federal-private-share-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/registration-cusos-involved-third-party-brokerage-arrangements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/regulation-e-exclusions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/reimbursement-directors-health-insurance-premiums
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/scheduling-notice-and-recording-fcu-board-directors-meetings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/segregation-duties-loan-officers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/statutory-lien
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2002/wire-transfer-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/applicability-district-columbia-dc-home-loan-protection-act-2002-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/construction-and-development-member-business-loans-mbls
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/credit-enhancements-permissible-activity-credit-union-service-organizations-cusos
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/credit-union-participation-bidallegheny-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/election-procedures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/fcu-facilitating-city-loan-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/federal-credit-union-and-credit-union-service-organization-participation-newmarkets-tax-credits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/federal-credit-union-officials-use-business-equipment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/fidelity-bond-removals-effect-directors-service
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/field-membership-issues-department-homeland-security-dhs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/guardianship-accounts-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/hiring-fcu-director-part-time-employee
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/individual-taxpayer-identification-and-matricula-consular-numbers-credit-reporting-purposes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/insurance-coverage-revocable-trust-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/insurance-coverage-transferable-shares
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/investment-advice-and-financial-counseling
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/investment-portions-loans-guaranteed-us-department-agriculture
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/long-term-care-insurance-benefit-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/loss-reserves-member-business-loans-mbls
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/louisiana-statute-governing-inactive-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/mailing-member-statements-single-envelope-household
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/maturities-loans-secured-manufactured-homes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/membership-eligibility-charitable-remainder-unitrust
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/ncua-preemption-georgia-fair-lending-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-7
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/participation-california-workers-compensation-self-insured-group
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/payable-death-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/payment-volunteer-officials-uninsured-medical-expenses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/payroll-cards
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/permissibility-self-funded-short-term-disability-plan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/permissible-activities-credit-union-service-organizations-cusos
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/purchase-and-safekeeping-certificates-deposit
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/real-estate-settlement-services-permissible-cuso-activity
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/safekeeping-agreement-compliance-part-703
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/secrecy-member-ballot-federal-credit-union-elections
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/share-account-overdrafts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/texas-debt-collection-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2003/treatment-participations-retained-subordinated-interests
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/2003-wisconsin-act-257
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/authority-fcu-board-directors-approve-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/charitable-contributions-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/commercial-appraisals-member-business-loans-mbls
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/corporate-federal-credit-union-nonstandard-bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/cost-recovery-federal-credit-unions-funding-employee-benefit-obligations-life-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/debt-cancellation-agreements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/electronic-membership-applications
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/exception-member-business-loan-mbl-definition
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/fair-and-accurate-credit-transactions-act-2003-compliance-dates
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/formation-charitable-foundation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/funding-employee-benefit-obligations-life-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/funeral-home-permissible-cuso-activity
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/management-official-interlocks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/marketing-visa-cards-merchants
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/meaning-phrase-empowered-grant-ncua-regulations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/member-business-loan-mbl-regulation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/multiple-credit-unions-sharing-single-fidelity-bond
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/ncua-preemption-georgia-fair-lending-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/ncuas-member-business-loan-mbl-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/new-jersey-homeownership-security-act-2002
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/no-interest-loans-nonprofit-community-organization
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-6
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/overdrawing-account-enforce-statutory-lien
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/permissibility-item-processing-services-arrangement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/permissibility-loan-participation-or-purchase-eligible-obligation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/permissibility-requiring-joint-account-owners-establish-separate-membership-accounts-order-be
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/preemption-connecticut-unclaimed-property-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/preemption-fee-limitations-debt-cancellation-products
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/preemption-minnesota-state-law-restricting-advertising
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/preemption-new-mexico-home-loan-protection-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/prepayment-penalties-waiver-settlement-fees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/processing-members-loans-fee-service-basis
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/risk-based-credit-card-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/secrecy-member-ballot-federal-credit-union-elections
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/share-insurance-coverage-living-trust-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/small-business-administration-sba-loans-originated-federal-credit-union-letter-enclosures-letter
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/small-business-administration-sba-loans-originated-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/texas-member-business-loan-mbl-regulation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2004/tracking-late-fees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/calculating-annual-percentage-yield-apy-earned-under-truth-savings-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/card-processing-services-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/credit-union-charter-conversions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-investments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/credit-union-vendor-endorsements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/denial-services-joint-share-account-owners
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/disparate-impact-discrimination-inquiry
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/electronic-remote-deposit-service-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/federal-credit-union-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/flexibility-fcu-bylaws-director-and-member-meetings-affected-hurricane-katrina
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/flexibility-fcu-bylaws-director-and-member-meetings-affected-hurricane-katrina/fcu-bylaws
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/insurance-coverage-529-college-savings-plan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/interest-only-payments-home-equity-line-credit-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/loans-county-sheriffs-office
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/market-value-construction-member-business-loans-mbls
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/member-business-loan-mbl-meaning-fleet
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/member-business-loans-mbls
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/membership-rights-and-par-value-shares
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/overdraft-regulations-and-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/payout-priority-deferred-compensation-claims-involuntary-liquidations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/permissibility-cusos-purchase-nonperforming-loans-debt-collection
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/permissibility-sending-third-party-marketing-material-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/preemption-puerto-rico-retail-installment-sales-and-financing-companies-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/preemption-state-law
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/proposed-bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/providing-investment-service-nonmembers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/regional-dividend-rates
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/split-dollar-life-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2005/xcel-federal-credit-unions-request-serve-trade-industry-or-profession-tip-single-occupational-common
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/application-member-business-loan-rule-commercial-vehicle-lease
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/board-director-conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/cash-flow-collateral-member-business-loans-mbls
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/change-number-fcu-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/change-number-fcu-directors-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/clarification-ogc-opinion-letter-05-1018
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/components-security-response-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/disease-specific-health-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/establishing-no-interestdivided-accounts-member-lacking-taxpayer-identification-number
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/federal-credit-unions-ability-provide-first-time-homebuyer-education
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/follow-skip-payment-disclosures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/funding-potential-employee-benefit-plan-obligations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/member-access-fcu-membership-list
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/member-business-loan-requirements-constructing-boats
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/permissibility-cuso-assisting-credit-union-providing-payroll-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/permissibility-fcu-developing-residential-property-lease-employees-housing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/permissibility-investment-mutual-fund-457f-plan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/political-activities-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/preferential-loan-rates-employees-under-12-cfr70121d5
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/proposed-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/proposed-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/proposed-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/proposed-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/removal-directors-members-special-meeting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/rotate-board-officer-positions-and-bylaw-amendment-providing-five-year-terms-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/share-insurance-coverage-guardian-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/skip-payment-disclosures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/special-meetings-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/use-automated-valuation-methods
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/value-collateral-floor-plan-loan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2006/world-council-credit-unions-international-shared-branching-pilot-project-ecuador
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/additional-guidance-using-automated-valuation-methods-valuations-avm-appraisal-rule-appraisals
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/dividend-rewards-program-use-certain-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/examiner-access-federal-credit-union-board-minutes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/guidelines-investing-fund-employee-benefits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/hawaii-financial-abuse-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/matching-plan-employee-savings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/member-agreement-accept-electronic-communications-regarding-conversions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/ncua-insurance-coverage-health-savings-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/ncua-share-insurance-coverage-irrevocable-trust-accounts-and-inherited-individual-retirement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/permissibility-fcu-making-member-business-loan-law-firm
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/permissibility-fcu-replacing-third-party-collateral-protection-insurance-cpi-and-private-mortgage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/political-activities-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/preemption-georgia-law-regarding-check-cashing-fees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/preemption-notice-provisions-california-rees-levering-automobile-sales-finance-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/preemption-virginia-abandoned-property-provision
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/proposed-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/proposed-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/proposed-bylaw-amendment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/proposed-bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/proposed-bylaw-amendments-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/receipt-federal-credit-unions-stock-visa-inc
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2007/split-dollar-life-insurance-and-nonpreferential-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/allotment-space-federal-buildings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/applicability-certain-massachusetts-law-and-mortgage-regulations-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/applicability-certain-regulatory-requirements-sba-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/attorney-client-privilege
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/benefits-employees-credit-union-service-organizations-cusos
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/conflict-interest-under-member-business-loan-mbl-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/construction-and-development-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/electronic-retention-records
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/federal-credit-unions-fcus-are-depository-institutions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/gift-cards-electronic-financial-service
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/group-self-insurance-program-employee-health-benefits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/line-credit-open-end-credit-maturity-limit-purposes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/member-business-loans-mbl-definition-principal
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/member-business-loans-mbl-two-years-direct-experience-requirement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/multiple-names-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/ncua-letter-credit-unions-evaluating-third-party-relationshipsno-07-13-07-cu-13-legal-review-house
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/permissibility-borrowing-funds-purchase-investments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/permissibility-closing-inactive-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/permissibility-federal-credit-union-fcu-providing-locked-box-accounting-services-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/permissible-arrangements-involving-atm-providers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/prepayment-penalty-member-business-loans-mbl-context
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/proposed-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/proposed-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/real-estate-appraisal-requirements-and-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/reclassifying-construction-and-development-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/replacing-credit-life-insurance-debt-cancellation-coverage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/request-extension-enforcement-date-identity-theft-red-flags-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/request-extension-enforcement-date-identity-theft-red-flags-rule-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/request-extension-enforcement-date-identity-theft-red-flags-rule-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/safekeeping-investments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/secure-and-fair-enforcement-mortgage-licensing-act-2008
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/share-insurance-coverage-section-529-college-savings-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2008/suspension-services-policy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/application-new-york-law-federal-credit-union-fcu-guaranteed-auto-protection-gap-waivers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/board-vote-federal-credit-union-fcu-charter-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/collateral-and-security-requirements-small-business-administration-sba-504-program-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/conflict-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-purchase-and-servicing-non-performing-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/department-labor-reporting-requirement-labor-trusts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/electronic-stop-payment-order
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/imposing-late-fees-open-end-credit-accounts-after-due-date
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/investment-advice-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/letters-credit-secure-share-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/liability-credit-union-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/mailing-insufficient-funds-nsfoverdraft-fee-notices-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/nonmember-loan-servicing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/notice-exemption-requirement-north-carolina-mortgage-lending-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/proposed-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/proposed-bylaw-amendment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/removal-director
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/requirement-advertise-abandoned-property
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/residential-mortgage-processing-and-servicing-incidental-power
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/shared-appreciation-loan-modifications
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2009/unimproved-land-fixed-asset
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/automated-loan-underwriting-and-funding
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/compensation-under-ss70133-ncuas-regulations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/conflicts-interests-disqualification-and-required-voting-majorities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/disclosing-credit-life-insurance-conversion-debt-cancellation-coverage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/federal-credit-union-fcu-compliance-ss2026b6-federal-reserve-boards-regulation-b-reg-b
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/floor-rates-home-equity-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/incentive-increase-attendance-annual-meeting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/long-term-principal-residence-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/member-business-loan-secured-third-party-primary-residences
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/membership-capital-shares
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/permissibility-county-forming-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/permissibility-cuso-acting-taxi-medallion-loan-broker
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/permissibility-offering-free-coin-sorting-service-incidental-power
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/petition-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/proposed-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/provision-long-term-care-insurance-credit-union-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2010/regulatory-compliance-services-permissible-credit-union-service-organization-cuso-activity
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/conflict-interest-federal-credit-union-fcu-director
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/conflict-interest-federal-credit-union-fcu-employee
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-leasing-activity
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/credit-union-service-organization-cuso-trustee-activity
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/hudson-valley-fcu-volunteer-service-award-policy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/hudson-valley-fcu-volunteer-service-award-policy-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/investment-insurance-agency-credit-union-service-organization-cuso
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/letter-federal-credit-unions-lfcu-no-11-fcu-02
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/management-official-interlocks-pertaining-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/management-official-interlocks-pertaining-federal-credit-union-fcu
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/musical-instrument-loans-member-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/ncua-rulemakings-director-duties
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/ncua-share-insurance-coverage-inherited-individual-retirement-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/nonstandard-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/permissibility-federal-credit-union-charging-fees-members-account-identity-theft-protection-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/proposed-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/request-advisory-opinion-correspondent-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/sale-federal-credit-union-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/sales-nondeposit-investments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2011/training-reimbursement-credit-union-officials
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/appraisals-member-business-loans-mbls
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/charter-change
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/definition-fleet
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/multi-featured-lending-plans-using-umbrella-loan-agreements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/proposed-bylaw-amendment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/proposed-bylaw-amendment/op-99-0426
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/proposed-bylaw-amendments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/separation-and-release-agreement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2012/video-teller-machine
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2013/balloting-special-meetings-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2013/electric-cooperatives
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2013/low-income-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2013/opic
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2014/clarification-amended-cuso-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2014/customer-identification-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2014/multiple-insured-parties-under-fidelity-bond
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2014/pefco-securities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2015/legal-analysis-overhead-transfer-rate
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2015/loan-participations-indirect-loans-originating-lenders
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2015/monthly-membership-fees
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2016/classification-member-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2016/custodial-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2016/field-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2016/network-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2017/authority-issue-and-sell-securities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2017/contiguous-geographic-boundaries
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2017/fidelity-bonds-joint-coverage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2018/field-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2018/loan-participations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2018/other-similar-escrow-account-share-insurance-coverage-new-york-lease-security-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2018/other-similar-escrow-account-share-insurance-coverage-north-carolina-529-account
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2018/preemption-wisconsin-law-restricting-advertising-and-use-word-bank
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2020/automated-loan-underwriting-system-segregation-duties-loan-officers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2020/reasonable-proximity-analysis
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2021/chartering-and-field-membership-manual
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2021/proposed-capital-markets-funding-program-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/legal-opinions/2024/permissibility-farmer-mac-stock
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2006-revisions-uniform-standards-professional-appraisal-practice-uspap
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2012-corporate-stabilization-fund-assessment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2013-corporate-stabilization-fund-assessment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2013-fair-lending-examination-program-and-compliance-assistance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2016-home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-filing-information
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2016-mortgage-servicing-rule-fair-debt-collection-practices-act-interpretive-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2020-supervisory-priorities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2020-truth-lending-regulation-z-annual-threshold-adjustments-credit-cards-hoepa-and
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2021-exemption-thresholds-adjustments-under-truth-lending-act-regulation-z-and-consumer
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2022-threshold-adjustments-under-truth-lending-act-regulation-z-consumer-leasing-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2022-truth-lending-act-regulation-z-adjustment-asset-size-exemption-threshold
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/2022-truth-lending-regulation-z-annual-threshold-adjustments-credit-cards-hoepa-and
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ability-repay-and-qualified-mortgage-requirements-consumer-financial-protection-bureau
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/accounting-and-reporting-commitments-originate-and-sell-mortgage-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/additional-guidance-regarding-servicing-hemp-related-businesses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/allowance-loan-and-lease-losses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/amended-field-membership-application-requirements-combined-statistical-area-and-core
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/amended-irs-form-990-return-organization-exempt-income-tax
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/annual-reporting-requirements-and-internal-controls-assessments-required-under-section
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/annual-voluntary-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/appendix-ncuas-camel-rating-system-camel
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/appraisals-higher-priced-mortgage-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/appraisals-higher-priced-mortgage-loans-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/automated-clearinghouse-deposits-processing-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/automated-cybersecurity-evaluation-toolbox
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/automated-cybersecurity-evaluation-toolbox/frequently-asked-questions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/bank-secrecy-act-compliance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/bank-secrecy-act-customer-due-diligence-and-beneficial-ownership-rules
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/basic-accounting-ncua-grants-received-small-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/beneficial-ownership-requirements-legal-entity-customers-overview
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/beneficial-ownership-requirements-legal-entity-customers-overview-and-examination
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/best-practices-real-estate-appraisals
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/board-director-engagement-cybersecurity-oversight
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/business-email-compromise-fraud
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/business-email-compromise-through-exploitation-cloud-based-email-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/camel-rating-system
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/camel-rating-system-revisions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/camels-rating-system
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/capitalization-unpaid-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/capitalization-unpaid-interest/frequently-asked-questions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cautions-be-taken-making-investments-federal-funds-market-transactions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-amendments-remittance-transfer-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-amends-ability-repayqualified-mortgage-rule-under-truth-lending-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-amends-mortgage-servicing-requirements-borrowers-affected-covid-19-emergency
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-and-frb-issue-amendments-regulation-cc
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-announces-adjusted-2020-tila-fees-and-thresholds
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-delays-compliance-date-underwriting-requirements-payday-vehicle-title-and-certain
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-delays-mandatory-compliance-date-general-qualified-mortgage-qm-final-rule-under
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-issues-amendments-hmda-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-issues-amendments-payday-vehicle-title-and-certain-high-cost-installment-loans-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-issues-correction-final-rule-adjusted-2020-hoepa-threshold
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-issues-exemption-thresholds-2020-credit-transactions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-issues-new-specifications-its-collect-website-relating-credit-card-data-submission
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-issues-reference-tool-2019-hmda-data-collection
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-issues-technical-specifications-and-resources-prepaid-product-agreements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-publishes-2019-lists-rural-and-underserved-counties-and-updates-website-tool
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-publishes-2021-threshold-adjustments-under-regulation-c-regulation-z-and-regulation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-releases-faqs-complying-trid-rule-change
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-releases-small-entity-compliance-guide-summarizing-payday-vehicle-title-and-certain
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpb-rule-expands-exemption-establishing-escrow-accounts-higher-priced-mortgage-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpbs-amended-remittance-transfer-rule-compliance-deadline-october-28-2013
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cfpbs-new-rule-real-estate-appraisals-and-other-written-valuations-under-equal-credit
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/change-hmdas-closed-end-loan-reporting-threshold
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/changes-interest-rates-during-examinations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/charitable-contributions-and-donations-storm-victims
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/clf-agent-contacts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/collateralized-mortgage-obligations-cmos
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/collateralized-mortgage-obligations-cmos-and-real-estate-mortgage-investment-conduits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/commercial-real-estate-loan-accommodations-and-workouts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/commercial-real-estate-loan-workouts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/community-charter-conversions-and-expansions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/completing-libor-transition
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/completing-libor-transition/joint-statement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/compliance-section-314a-usa-patriot-act-2001
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/compliance-update-section-314a-usa-patriot-act-2001
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/complying-recent-changes-military-lending-act-regulation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/computer-software-patch-management
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/concentration-risk
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/concentration-risk-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/confidentiality-and-protection-sensitive-data
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/consolidation-federal-reserve-board-check-centers-impact-deposit-holds-and-funds
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-announces-annual-adjustment-under-fair-credit
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-announces-asset-size-threshold-adjustments-under
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-increases-reporting-thresholds-under-home-mortgage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-issues-interpretive-rule-waiver-trid-and-tila
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/consumer-information-hybrid-adjustable-rate-mortgage-products
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/contractual-agreements-credit-union-service-organizations-cusos
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/controlling-assault-non-solicited-pornography-and-marketing-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/coporate-business-resumption-and-contingency-planning
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/corporate-credit-union-system-resolution
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/corporate-credit-union-system-strategy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/corporate-stabilization-activity-and-effect-ncusif-deposit-and-premium-assessment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/corporate-stabilization-fund-implementation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/corporate-stabilization-program-conservatorship-us-central-fcu-and-western-corporate-fcu
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/credit-union-financial-trends-during-first-half-1997
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/credit-union-investment-mutual-funds
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/credit-union-membership-access-act-1998
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/credit-unions-holding-foreclosed-properties-foreclosed-and-repossessed-assets-fra
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/credit-unions-lending-policies
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/currency-and-foreign-transaction-reporting-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/current-expected-credit-losses-cecl-effective-date-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/current-expected-credit-losses-cecl-effective-date-credit-unions-revised
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/customer-due-diligence-overview
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/customer-due-diligence-overview-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cyber-incident-notification-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cyber-incident-notification-requirements/appendix-a
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cyber-incident-notification-requirements/appendix-b
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/cybersecurity-considerations-remote-work
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/debt-cancellation-and-suspension-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/decline-number-small-cus
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/department-defenses-interpretive-guidance-military-lending-act-limitations-terms-consumer
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/deregulation-share-share-draft-and-share-certificate-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/disaster-planning-and-response
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/disaster-preparedness-response-examination-procedures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/disaster-recovery-and-business-resumption
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/disclosing-camel-ratings-federally-insured-state-credit-unions-fiscus
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/diversification-investment-portfolio
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/due-diligence-over-third-party-service-providers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/duties-federal-credit-union-boards-directors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/e-mail-and-internet-related-fraudulent-schemes-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/electronic-signatures-global-and-national-commerce-act-e-sign-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/emergency-capital-investment-program-participation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/employee-benefit-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/enhanced-share-insurance-coverage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/enhancements-central-liquidity-facility-membership-and-borrowing-authority
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/environmental-liability-risk-management-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/equal-credit-opportunity-act-nondiscrimination-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/equal-credit-opportunity-act-regulation-b
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/establishment-clf-agent-memberships
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-compliance-risk-updated-compliance-risk-indicators
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-libor-transition-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-loan-participation-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-payment-system-service-providers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-residential-real-estate-mortgage-loan-modification-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-secondary-capital-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-third-party-relationships
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-third-party-relationships-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluating-third-party-relationships-questionnaire
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/evaluation-earnings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/examination-guidance-bank-secrecy-act-customer-due-diligence-and-beneficial-ownership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/examination-modernization-initiatives
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/examination-program-liquidity-questionnaire
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/expanded-aires-loan-and-share-record-layout
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/expanded-aires-loan-and-share-record-layout/aires-share-data-record-layout-specifications
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/expansion-permissible-cuso-activities-and-associated-risks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/expansion-permissible-cuso-activities-and-associated-risks/guidance-statement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/expiration-emergency-exemption-certain-person-meeting-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/fact-sheet-ncua-revised-interest-rate-supervision
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/federal-credit-union-meeting-flexibility-2022-due-covid-19-pandemic
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/federal-credit-union-meeting-flexibility-during-covid-19-pandemic
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/federal-credit-union-operating-fee-schedule-2023
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/federal-credit-union-operating-fee-schedule-2024
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/federal-credit-union-operating-fee-schedule-2024/operating-fee-schedule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/federal-reserve-board-issues-rule-allowing-credit-unions-remove-monthly-limit-savings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/federal-reserve-issues-correction-final-rule-availability-funds-and-collection-checks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/federally-insured-credit-union-use-distributed-ledger-technologies
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ffiec-hmda-examiner-transaction-testing-guidelines
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ffiec-issues-2019-home-mortgage-disclosure-act-hmda-getting-it-right-guide
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ffiec-release-updated-retail-payment-systems-examination-handbook
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ffiec-uniform-hmda-resubmission-guidelines
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/field-membership-rural-districts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/final-rule-alternatives-use-credit-ratings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/final-rule-definition-service-facility
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/financial-education-and-financial-literacy-initiative
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/financial-education-curriculum
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/financial-statement-classification-fcu-member-share-accounts
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/fixed-asset-management
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/flood-insurance-alternatives
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/fraudulent-newspaper-advertisements-and-websites
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/frequently-asked-questions-about-taxi-medallion-lending-supervisory-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/frequently-asked-questions-independent-appraisal-and-evaluation-functions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/frequently-asked-questions-new-accounting-standard-financial-instruments-credit-losses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/frequently-asked-questions-new-accounting-standard-financial-instruments-credit-losses-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/frequently-asked-questions-new-accounting-standard-financial-instruments-credit-losses-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/frequently-asked-questions-residential-tract-development-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/garnishment-accounts-containing-federal-benefit-payments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-acceptance-california-warrants
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-credit-unions-use-more-one-name
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-filing-suspicious-activity-reports-regarding-proceeds-foreign-corruption
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-how-comply-ncua-regulation-74112-liquidity-and-contingency-funding-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-how-comply-ncua-regulation-ss74112-liquidity-and-contingency-funding-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-investing-securities-without-reliance-credit-ratings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-national-flood-insurance-program-authority-lapses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-ncua-staff-evaluating-secondary-capital-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-pandemic-planning
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-preparing-requests-serve-local-community-using-narrative-approach
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-private-student-loans-graduated-repayment-terms-origination
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-regulatory-changes-affecting-military-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/guidance-selected-provisions-sarbanes-oxley-act-2002-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/heightened-risk-social-engineering-and-phishing-attacks
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/highlights-ocps-staff-guidance-implementing-new-associational-common-bond-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-equity-lines-credit-nearing-their-end-draw-period
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-collection-requirements-calendar-year-2017
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-collection-requirements-calendar-year-2019
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-collection-requirements-calendar-year-2021
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-collection-requirements-calendar-year-2022
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-collection-requirements-calendar-year-2023
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-reporting-additions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-hmda-data-collection-requirements-calendar-year-2016
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/how-add-associations-your-field-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/identification-essential-critical-infrastructure-workers-during-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/identifying-and-mitigating-risks-money-services-businesses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/identity-theft-prevention
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/identity-theft-red-flags-procedures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/impact-current-mortgage-market-corporate-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/implementation-modernized-systems
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/implementing-section-70421-enterprise-risk-management
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/importance-contingency-funding-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/improving-process-consumer-complaints
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/independent-appraisal-and-evaluation-functions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/indirect-lending-and-appropriate-due-diligence
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/information-about-bureau-consumer-financial-protections-2018-hmda-interpretive-and
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/information-ncuas-merger-and-purchase-assumption-process
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/information-processing-issues
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/insider-dealing-and-conflicts-interest
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-advisory-addressing-alll-key-concepts-and-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-advisory-addressing-alll-key-concepts-and-requirements/allowance-loan-lease-losses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-advisory-addressing-alll-key-concepts-and-requirements/questions-answers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-advisory-interest-rate-risk-management
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-guidance-conducting-cross-border-funds-transfers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-guidance-nontraditional-mortgage-product-risk
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-guidance-regarding-deposit-reconciliation-practices
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-regulatory-reporting-policy-revised-relation-loans-have-previously-been
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-regulatory-reporting-policy-revised-relation-loans-have-previously-been/interagency-regulatory-reporting-policy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-statement-issuance-anti-money-launderingcountering-financing-terrorism
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-statement-issuance-anti-money-launderingcountering-financing-terrorism/statement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-statement-libor-transition
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-statement-libor-transition/joint-statement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-statement-sharing-bank-secrecy-act-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-statement-supervisory-and-enforcement-practices-regarding-mortgage-servicing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-statement-supervisory-and-enforcement-practices-regarding-mortgage-servicing/joint-statement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-statement-use-alternative-data-credit-underwriting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-supervisory-guidance-addressing-certain-issues-related-troubled-debt
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-supervisory-guidance-addressing-certain-issues-related-troubled-debt/interagency-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-supervisory-guidance-bargain-purchases-and-fdic-and-ncua-assisted
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-supervisory-guidance-bargain-purchases-and-fdic-and-ncua-assisted/bargain-purchases-interagency-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-supervisory-guidance-institutions-affected-major-disaster
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-supervisory-guidance-specifically-addressing-junior-lien-loans-and-lines
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interagency-supervisory-guidance-specifically-addressing-junior-lien-loans-and-lines/2012-joint-release-junior-liens-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/interest-rate-adjustment-errors-arm-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/internal-revenue-services-volunteer-income-tax-assistance-program-collaboration
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/investment-due-diligence
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/investment-safekeeping-due-diligence
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/investments-brokered-certificates-deposits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/it-security-compliance-guide-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/items-consider-when-underwriting-member
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/joint-interagency-policy-accounting-and-reporting-loans-held-sale
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/joint-interagency-policy-accounting-and-reporting-loans-held-sale/enclosure
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/liability-management-highly-rate-sensitive-volatile
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/libor-transition
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/liquidity-and-balance-sheet-risk-management
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/loan-charge-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/loan-participation-waivers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/low-income-designations-qualification-military-personnel
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/making-home-affordable-program-mortgage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/managing-risks-associated-home-equity-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/matters-related-paid-capital-and-membership-capital-corporate-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/measuring-service-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/member-account-deposit-reconciliation-practices
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/member-notice-requirements-overdraft-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/membership-data-collection
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/merger-rule-provisions-including-member-member-mtm-communications-process
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/military-lending-act-examination-approach
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/mortgage-servicing-practices-impacting-military-homeowner
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/mutual-funds
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-actions-related-covid-19
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-actions-related-covid-19-annual-meeting-flexibility
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-begin-phase-2-resuming-onsite-operations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-begin-phase-3-resuming-onsite-operations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-implement-phase-one-resuming-onsite-operations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-office-general-counsels-guidance-enhanced-share-insurance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-operating-fee-schedule-2018
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-operating-fee-schedule-2019
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-reviews-edp-vendors
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncua-website-enhancements-fraud-information-center
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncuas-2010-corporate-credit-union-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncuas-2021-supervisory-priorities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncuas-2022-supervisory-priorities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncuas-2023-supervisory-priorities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncuas-2024-supervisory-priorities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncuas-electronic-payment-systems-eps-questionnaires
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncuas-express-subscription-service
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncuas-merger-partner-registry
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/ncusif-premium-analysis
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/new-communities-entering-national-flood
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/new-escrow-requirements-under-truth-lending-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/new-homeownership-counseling-and-consumer-protection-requirements-cfpb
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/non-maturity-shares-and-balance-sheet-risk
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/official-ncua-sign
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/offsite-examination-and-supervision-approach
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/online-cuso-registry-open-registrations-february
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/operating-fee-scale-adjusted-2018
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/operating-fee-scale-reduced-fy-2012
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/operating-fee-schedule-adjusted-2019
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/operating-fee-schedule-adjusted-2020
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/operating-fee-schedule-adjusted-2021
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/operating-fee-schedule-adjusted-2022
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/other-supervisory-committee-audits
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/overdraft-courtesy-pay-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/overdraft-protection-bounce-protection-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/permissible-loan-interest-rate-ceiling-extended
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/permissible-loan-interest-rate-ceiling-extended-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/permissible-loan-interest-rate-ceiling-extended-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/phased-approach-site-operations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/phishing-guidance-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/post-examination-survey-pilot
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/potential-risks-property-assessed-clean-energy-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/potential-violations-common-bond-advertising-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/premium-assessments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/prepaid-accounts-under-electronic-fund-transfer-act-regulation-e-and-truth-lending-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/prepaid-rule-implementation-delay
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/preparing-same-day-automated-clearing-house-ach-payments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/principles-making-responsible-small-dollar-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/private-student-loans-graduated-repayment-terms-loan-origination
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/privately-issued-mortgage-related-securities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/projected-2013-ncusif-premium-and-corporate-stabilization-fund-assessment-range
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/projected-2014-stabilization-fund-assessment-and-share-insurance-fund-premium-range
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/projected-2015-share-insurance-fund-premium-range
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/projected-2017-share-insurance-fund-premium-and-stabilization-fund-assessment-range
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/raising-consumer-awareness-phishing-schemes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/real-estate-secured-credit-credit-union-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/recording-donated-equity-upon-receipt-tangible-fixed-asset-donations-material-value
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/recording-donated-equity-upon-receipt-tangible-fixed-asset-donations-material-value/appendices
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/recordkeeping-and-reporting-requirements-under-bank-secrecy-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/regional-coalitions-public-private-partnerships
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/regulatory-alert-cfpbs-new-remittance-transfers-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/regulatory-changes-affecting-military-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/regulatory-reporting-related-recent-ncua-board-actions-stabilize-corporate-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/regulatory-treatment-paycheck-protection-program-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/reincorporating-federal-credit-union-bylaws-ncua-rules-and-regulations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/relationships-third-parties-provide-services-related-digital-assets
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/remittance-transfers-under-electronic-fund-transfer-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/renewal-prompt-corrective-action-relief
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/reporting-elder-abuse-or-financial-exploitation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/repurchase-agreements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/requests-serve-well-defined-local-community-using-narrative-approach
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/residential-appraisals-threshold-increase-and-other-covid-19-related-relief-measures
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/residential-mortgage-foreclosure-concerns
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/resumption-federal-student-loan-payments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/reverse-mortgages
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/reviewing-adequacy-earnings
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/revised-interest-rate-risk-supervision
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/revisions-official-ncua-sign
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/risk-based-approach-assessing-customer-relationships-and-conducting-customer-due
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/risk-based-approach-assessing-customer-relationships-and-conducting-customer-due/joint-statement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/risk-based-examination-scheduling-policy
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/risk-based-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/risk-focused-examination-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/risk-focused-examinations-and-compliance-risk
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/sales-nondeposit-investments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/sanctions-against-select-foreign-countries
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/scheduled-expiration-temporary-corporate-credit-union-share-guarantee-and-unlimited
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/selection-and-use-brokers-hym
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/serving-hemp-businesses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/sharing-bank-secrecy-act-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/simplified-cecl-tool-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/simplified-cecl-tool-credit-unions/appendix-a
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/simplified-cecl-tool-credit-unions/appendix-b
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/simplified-cecl-tool-credit-unions/appendix-c
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/small-business-administration-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/small-credit-union-examination-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/special-purpose-credit-programs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/special-purpose-credit-programs/interagency-statement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/specialized-lending-activities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/strengthening-funding-and-liquidity-risk-management
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/submission-2016-home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/submission-2018-home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/submission-2020-home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/submission-2021-home-mortgage-disclosure-act-data
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/submission-2021-voluntary-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment-extended-january-31-2022
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/subordinated-debt-final-rule-effective-january-1-2022
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/subprime-mortgage-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/summary-consolidated-appropriations-act-2021
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/summary-coronavirus-aid-relief-and-economic-security-cares-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/supervising-community-development-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/supervising-low-income-credit-unions-and-community-development-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/supervisory-guidance-private-student-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/supervisory-guidance-troubled-debt-restructuring
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/supervisory-priorities-2019
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/suspected-money-laundering-residential-real-estate-industry-report
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/tax-consequences-payment-travel-expenses-fcu-volunteer-officials-and-their-guests
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/taxi-medallion-lending
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/taxi-medallion-lending-questions-and-answers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/technical-correction-cecl-transition-amount
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/temporary-corporate-credit-union-share-guarantee-expires-december-31-2012
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/temporary-corporate-credit-union-stabilization-fund-assessment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/temporary-corporate-credit-union-stabilization-fund-assessment-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/third-party-relationships-mortgage-brokers-and-correspondents
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/truth-savings-act-compliance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/underserved-area-expansions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/unfair-or-deceptive-credit-practices
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/unfair-or-deceptive-credit-practices/interagency-guidance-regarding-unfair-deceptive-credit-practices
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/unlawful-internet-gambling-enforcement-act-2006
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/update-accounting-loan-and-lease-losses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/update-accounting-loan-and-lease-losses-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/update-accounting-loan-and-lease-losses/enclosure
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/update-interagency-policy-statement-allowances-credit-losses
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/update-ncuas-2020-supervisory-priorities
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/update-offsite-examination-and-supervision-approach
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/update-transitioning-us-central-bridge-corporate-federal-credit-union-automated-clearing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/updated-ability-repay-and-qualified-mortgage-requirements-consumer-financial-protection
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/updated-compliance-risk-indicators
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/updates-interest-rate-risk-supervisory-framework
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/updates-interest-rate-risk-supervisory-framework-0
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/use-alternative-data-credit-underwriting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/use-consumer-credit-reports-business-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/voluntary-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/voluntary-credit-union-diversity-self-assessment-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/voluntary-prepayment-assessments-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/withdrawal-irps
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/working-borrowers-affected-covid-19-pandemic
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/year-2000-bridge-programs-and-interfacing
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/letters-credit-unions-other-guidance/yields-assets
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/credit-union-bonds
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/examiners-guide
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/compliance-management-systems-and-compliance-risk
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/deposit-regulations/childrens-online-privacy-protection-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/deposit-regulations/electronic-signatures-global-and-national-commerce-act-e-sign-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/deposit-regulations/expedited-funds-availability-act-regulation-cc
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/deposit-regulations/privacy-consumer-financial-information-regulation-p
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/deposit-regulations/truth-savings-act-ncua-rules-regulations-part-707
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/consumer-leasing-regulation-m
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/equal-credit-opportunity-act-regulation-b
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/fair-credit-reporting-act-regulation-v
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/fair-housing-act-fha
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/home-mortgage-disclosure-act-regulation-c
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/homeowners-protection-act-pmi-cancellation-act
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/military-lending-act-mla
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/real-estate-settlement-procedures-act-regulation-x
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/secure-and-fair-enforcement-mortgage-licensing-act-safe-act-regulation-g
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/servicemembers-civil-relief-act-scra
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/lending-regulations/truth-lending-act-regulation-z
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-management/unfair-deceptive-or-abusive-acts-or-practices-udaap
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/compliance-manual-search
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/credit-related-regulations-and-statutes/small-dollar-lending-and-payday-alternative-loans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/deposit-related-regulations-and-statutes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/deposit-related-regulations-and-statutes/electronic-fund-transfer-act-regulation-e
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/deposit-related-regulations-and-statutes/garnishment-accounts-containing-federal-benefit-payments
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/federal-fair-lending-regulations-and-statutes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/lending-regulations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/other-regulations-rules-policies-and-statutes
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-consumer-financial-protection-guide/truth-lending-act-checklist
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/introduction
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/overview-charter-application-process
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/overview-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/choose-field-membership
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/choose-field-membership/section-a
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/choose-field-membership/section-b
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/choose-field-membership/section-c
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/complete-submit-proof-concept
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/define-capital-funding-plans
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/define-credit-unions-purpose
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/identify-subscribers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/research-cdfi-certification
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/research-charter-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/research-lid-requirements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/research-mdi-designation
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-1/select-credit-union-name
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1/analyze-survey-results
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1/conduct-market-conditions-analysis
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1/conduct-membership-survey
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1/design-membership-survey-form
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1/establish-relationships-mentors-supporters
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1/obtain-document-sources-donated-capital
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1/provide-evidence-sponsor-commitment-critical-success
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-1/summarize-results
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/continuity-plan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/create-pro-forma-financial-statement-projections-assumptions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/develop-marketing-plan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/federal-credit-union-investigation-report
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/goals-shares-loans-number-members
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/identifying-physical-location
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/mission-statement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/organizational-management-plan
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/plans-operating-independently
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/products-services
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/recordkeeping-data-processing-system
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/source-funds-support
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-2/surety-bond-coverage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-4
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-2/activity-4/policies
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-3
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-3/complete-remaining-required-ncua-forms
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-3/ncua-issues-charter
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/federal-credit-union-charter-application-guide/phase-3/ncua-pfcu-sign-letter-understanding-agreement
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/hmda-reporting-guide
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/hurricane-disaster-information
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/lessons-learned-mergers
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/lessons-learned-postmortems-material-loss-reviews
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/notice-change-official-or-senior-executive-officer
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/other-supervisory-committee-audit-minimum-procedures-guide
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/other-supervisory-committee-audit-minimum-procedures-guide/addendum
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/secure-file-transfer-user-guide-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/suspicious-activity-report
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/manuals-guides/tax-exemption-letter-federal-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/bank-secrecy-act-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/bank-secrecy-act-resources/interagency-statement-banks-issuance-beneficial-ownership-information-access-rule
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/bank-secrecy-act-resources/order-granting-exemption-customer-identification-program
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/capital-planning-stress-testing-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/capital-planning-stress-testing-resources/2024-stress-testing-scenario-summary
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cecl-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cecl-resources/cecl-gaap-faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cecl-resources/simplified-cecl-tool
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cecl-resources/simplified-cecl-tool/faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/consumer-compliance-regulatory-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/consumer-compliance-regulatory-resources/dodd-frank-act-mortgage-lending-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/consumer-compliance-regulatory-resources/fair-lending-compliance-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/consumer-compliance-regulatory-resources/fair-lending-compliance-resources/additional-information-hmda-data-collection-2018
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/consumer-compliance-regulatory-resources/fair-lending-compliance-resources/faq
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/consumer-compliance-regulatory-resources/fair-lending-compliance-resources/home-mortgage
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/consumer-compliance-regulatory-resources/flood-insurance-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/consumer-compliance-regulatory-resources/service-member-lending-credit-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cybersecurity-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cybersecurity-resources/acet-and-other-assessment-tools
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cybersecurity-resources/cyber-incident-reporting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cybersecurity-resources/ncuas-information-security-examination-and-cybersecurity-assessment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cybersecurity-resources/ncuas-regulations-and-guidance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cybersecurity-resources/ransomware-attacks-information-sheet
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cybersecurity-resources/references-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/cybersecurity-resources/supply-chain-risk-management-scrm
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/financial-technology-and-digital-assets
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/fraud-prevention-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/liquidity-risk-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/liquidity-risk-resources/advisory-liquidity-risk-management
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/net-worth-ratio-plan-and-prompt-corrective-action-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/net-worth-ratio-plan-and-prompt-corrective-action-resources/nwrp-useful-tips
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/net-worth-ratio-plan-and-prompt-corrective-action-resources/prompt-corrective-action-faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/risk-based-capital-rule-resources
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/risk-based-capital-rule-resources/risk-based-capital-faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/risk-based-capital-rule-resources/risk-weights-glance
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-compliance-resources/risk-based-capital-rule-resources/risk-weights-glance-comparison-fdic
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting/collection-examination-supervision-information
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting/corporate-credit-union-online
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting/corporate-credit-union-online/call-report-forms-and-instructions-archive
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting/cuonline
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting/cuonline/4501a-profile-faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting/cuonline/5300-call-report-faqs
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting/cuonline/whats-new
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/regulatory-reporting/cuso-registry
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/rulemakings-proposals-comment
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/rules-regulations
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/rules-regulations/interpretive-rulings-policy-statements
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/rules-regulations/regulatory-reform-agenda
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/rules-regulations/regulatory-reform-agenda/implementation-ncuas-regulatory-reform-agenda
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/rules-regulations/regulatory-review
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/supervisory-review-committee
https://ncua.gov/regulation-supervision/supervisory-review-committee/appeal-decisions
https://ncua.gov/site-map
https://ncua.gov/subscribe
https://ncua.gov/support-services
https://ncua.gov/support-services/access
https://ncua.gov/support-services/central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/support-services/central-liquidity-facility/apply-advance
https://ncua.gov/support-services/central-liquidity-facility/frequently-asked-questions-and-glossary
https://ncua.gov/support-services/central-liquidity-facility/frequently-asked-questions-and-glossary/faqs
https://ncua.gov/support-services/central-liquidity-facility/join-central-liquidity-facility
https://ncua.gov/support-services/central-liquidity-facility/membership-capital-requirement-estimator
https://ncua.gov/support-services/central-liquidity-facility/operating-circulars-and-forms-and-collateral-margins-table
https://ncua.gov/support-services/conservatorships-liquidations
https://ncua.gov/support-services/conservatorships-liquidations/filing-claims
https://ncua.gov/support-services/conservatorships-liquidations/information-members-creditors
https://ncua.gov/support-services/conservatorships-liquidations/loan-sales-available-real-estate
https://ncua.gov/support-services/conservatorships-liquidations/unclaimed-deposits
https://ncua.gov/support-services/conservatorships-liquidations/unclaimed-deposits/unclaimed-deposits-listing
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/borrowing-cost
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2021-q1
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2021-q2
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2021-q3
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2021-q4
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2022-q1
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2022-q2
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2022-q3
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2022-q4
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2023-q1
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2023-q2
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2023-q3
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2023-q4
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2024-q1
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2024-q2
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-asset-management-estate-recoveries-claims/2024-q3
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/april-2021-corporate-capital-credit-union-distributions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/august-2021-corporate-capital-credit-union-distributions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/faqs-member-capital-and-dividend-payouts
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/july-2020-southwest-corporate-federal-credit-union-capital
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/march-2022-corporate-capital-credit-union-distributions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/march-2023-corporate-capital-credit-union-notification
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/march-2024-corporate-capital-distributions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/september-2022-corporate-capital-credit-union-distributions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/corporate-capital-distribution-process/september-2023-corporate-capital-distributions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/frequently-asked-questions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/glossary
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/legal-recoveries-corporate-crisis
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/legal-recoveries-corporate-crisis/statements
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/resolution-costs-detail
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/stabilization-fund-closure
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/stabilization-fund-closure/briefing-script
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/stabilization-fund-closure/faq
https://ncua.gov/support-services/corporate-system-resolution/stabilization-fund-history
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/chartering/ncua-external-chartering-resources
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/chartering/new-charter-application-checklist
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/chartering/pro-forma-financial-statement-projection-assumptions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/chartering/sample-commitment-letter
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/contact-info
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/credit-union-merger-resources
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/credit-union-merger-resources/comments-proposed-credit-union-mergers
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/credit-union-merger-resources/general-merger-faqs
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/bank-credit-union-conversions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/business-and-marketing-plan-template
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/bylaws
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/capris-user-guide
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/low-income-credit-union-designation
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/low-income-designation/faqs-area-workbook
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/pro-forma-financial-statement-template
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/serving-underserved
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/serving-underserved/expanding-service-underserved-areas-application
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/serving-underserved/pro-forma-financial-statement-template
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/field-membership-expansion/streamlined-business-and-marketing-plan
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2017-grant-awardees-list
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2018-grant-awardees-list
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2020-grant-round-awardees
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2021-grant-round-awardees
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2022-grant-round-awardees
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2023-grant-round-awardees
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2023-pilot-grant-awardees
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2024-grant-round-awardees
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/2024-pilot-grant-awardees
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/grants/urgent-need-grant-initiative-guidelines
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/grants-loans/loans
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/learning
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/minority-depository-institutions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/minority-depository-institutions/how-mdis-serve-members
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/minority-depository-institutions/list-mdis
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/minority-depository-institutions/mdi-fact-sheet
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/minority-depository-institutions/mdi-mentoring
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/starting-new-federal-credit-union
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/starting-new-federal-credit-union/bylaws
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/starting-new-federal-credit-union/chartering-field-membership-and-conversion-resources
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/starting-new-federal-credit-union/chartering-field-membership-and-conversion-resources/faqs-public-hearing-process
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/starting-new-federal-credit-union/chartering-field-membership-and-conversion-resources/public-hearings-certain-proposed-community-charter-actions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/credit-union-resources-expansion/starting-new-federal-credit-union/faqs-new-state-charter-applicants-and-federal-share-insurance
https://ncua.gov/support-services/guaranteed-notes-program
https://ncua.gov/support-services/guaranteed-notes-program/balance-change-report
https://ncua.gov/support-services/guaranteed-notes-program/frequently-asked-questions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/guaranteed-notes-program/terms-glossary
https://ncua.gov/support-services/guaranteed-notes-program/transaction-details
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/contact-us
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/electronic-funds-transfer-payments-form
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/equity-ratio-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/equity-ratio-normal-operating-level/calculating-equity-ratio
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/equity-ratio-normal-operating-level/determining-normal-operating-level
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/equity-ratio-normal-operating-level/projecting-equity-ratio
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/fund-history
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/investment-policy
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/ngn-program
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/share-insurance-fund-distribution
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/share-insurance-fund-distribution/frequently-asked-questions-regarding-ncuas-equity-distribution-rule-2017
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/share-insurance-fund-distribution/frequently-asked-questions-regarding-ncuas-equity-distribution-rule-2018
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/toolkit-credit-unions
https://ncua.gov/support-services/share-insurance-fund/toolkit-credit-unions/invoices-mailed-capitalization-deposit-adjustments
https://ncua.gov/vulnerability-disclosure-policy